As you may already know, my young daughter is having some serious health problems. Although she’s seen a number of different health care providers and endured many tests to address the problem, she unfortunately needs surgery. 
She requires a serious neuro-based type of surgery and therefore I will need to be at her side and care for her for a number of weeks while she recovers. I am sorry to say that I need the full CARDINAL weeks that are allowed under the FMLA policy. 
Her doctor has already filled out the request from that I obtained from the human resources department. Because I respect the company I work for and am trying to be as fair as possible, 
I am giving you a full month’s notice so you’ll have enough time to make adequate arrangements to cover my position while I’m away. My daughter’s surgery is scheduled for DATE. I intend to work up until DATE on DATE to ensure that my job is covered. 
I am more than willing to train someone to do my job or wrap up any business matters if you like. I expect to return on DATE. As of right now, these are the anticipated dates for her surgery and my time of leave. 
If anything changes I will let you know immediately. Hopefully I can return before DATE if all goes better than expected and retain my current position in the company. 
I truly appreciate your consideration and understanding concerning this sensitive matter. I respect both you and the company and feel it’s been an honor to work here over the past CARDINAL years. Again, thank you for understanding. If you have any questions or concerns, I intend to be here every day until DATE to talk with you.
Sincerely,
 
This letter is to formally request leave of absence for medical reasons. I will be having a hysterectomy on DATE and will not be able to work for DATE. I plan to return to work on DATE if the recovery goes well.
I have included a letter from my surgeon that states the need for surgery and the date of the surgery. If any other medical records are required, I will be happy to supply them.
PERSON in my department will take responsibility for my clients, and I will be available by phone to give any assistance I can be reach at janet@email.com or at CARDINAL. 
I greatly appreciate your kind consideration in granting me this leave. 
Sincerely,

I am writing this letter to inform you that I need to take a sick leave from work due to a severe throat infection. I will need to remain off of work until DATE bringing my total sick leave to DATE.
A letter from my doctor is attached to confirm I need the time off to properly recover without risking my health or the health of my co-workers. I apologize for any inconvenience due to my absence from work.
I should, however, be able to occasionally check my email and do some work, including a few projects I had almost completed before becoming sick, from home when possible until I come back to the office. When I return on DATE I fully intend to do my best to catch up on any work I missed during my absence.
Please let me know if you need further verification from my doctor. If I should require additional time off, I will let you know as soon as possible. Feel free to contact me at your convenience should you have any questions or require clarification regarding my sick leave request. 

I have written this letter to request you for the approval of my intermittent medical leave as a result of (diagnosed disorder). Since this requires extended leave due to my absence. As my physician has provided a medical certificate, I have enclosed it.
Kindly let me know the further steps to forward this leave request. Your assistance will be greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,

With due to respect, I would like to express that I had lung cancer before DATE. I was advised by my doctor to visit him until the treatment gets over. Since the treatment date is followed up I want to visit the doctor after DATE. So I have returned to my native earlier to collect my previous reports and histories and the related medicines.
Hence I request you to kindly retire me for a period of DATE. I shall be highly obliged. 

With due to respect, I have written this letter to inform you that I may not able to come to office today as I had been unwell due to severe stomach ache and nausea for DATE and I managed to visit my personal doctor DATE who diagnosed me with low blood pressure and with acute gastritis.
I have been prescribed by the doctor to take medication which will last at least for DATE. While I am feeling better, I think it will be in a couple of days, but I will not be productive the present day. I hope that I will be alright to make it to work tomorrow but will keep you posted.
PERSON has offered to take up my work and to handle my clients for the day. If you want to transfer any of my projects to other employees please don’t hesitate. I have left my office email active; I hope this will help me to reply to my clients as much as possible from home.
In case I am unable to report to the office tomorrow then I will let you know as early as possible so that you can make some temporary arrangements to handle the workload.

I am writing this letter to inform you that my relative has met with an accident so I am on leave for DATE.
Kindly approve my leave.
Sincerely,

With utmost respect, I am writing a formal sick leave request email to the manager of absence as I have a serious health issue that bothers my day to day activities. Because of this, I am unable to come to the office as I have to undergo regular checkup and medication.
I hope that you will sanction my leave for DATE.
Sincerely,

I am writing this letter as a formal request with the utmost respect. As I am suffering from a particular disease and so I would like to be under the surveillance of doctor. Furthermore, extra duties will be accomplished by me after returning.
Kindly consider this letter with my past reputation and please grant me leave from DATE to DATE.
Sincerely,

I am writing this letter to bring to your acknowledgement that I want to utilize my pregnancy leave as my baby’s due is on DATE. It is advised that I should be under the supervision of a doctor as early as possible. I would also like to add one more point to it telling that my annual leave is also full so I will cover my pregnancy leave under this allowance.
Thus, I will notify my rejoining date and I request you to accept and approve my leave.
Sincerely,

I am submitting this request for a leave of absence to tend to important personal matters beginning DATE. If possible, I would like to take my leave beginning DATE and return to the office on DATE.
I can make myself available intermittently to answer questions via phone or email, and am happy to do whatever necessary to ensure a smooth transition before my leave begins.

I am writing to request a one-month medical leave of absence beginning DATE and ending DATE. I will be having surgery—my surgeon has ordered a minimum DATE recovery period (see doctor’s signed recommendation attached.)
I am happy to assist in handling any necessary preparations before beginning my leave, including training colleagues on upcoming projects. 

This letter is to inform you of my need to take DATE of medical leave at DATE in order to have my gallbladder removed. I will be having my surgery on DATE. If my procedure and recovery go as well as planned, I will return to the office on DATE. I appreciate your assistance in this matter as I will need DATE off work in order to be fully recovered so that I may be more focused on my work when I come back. Enclosed with this letter, you will find a note from my doctor confirming the date of the procedure.
I would like to extend my assurances that I will strive to complete all projects I am currently working on before my surgery, and put forth as much effort as possible to make up for the lost time once I return to work.
If any clarification is needed in this situation, please do not hesitate to leave me a message via telephone at CARDINAL. During my medical leave, I may be contacted via email at [email] and will do my best to send responses in a timely manner. I thank you for your consideration and look forward to your response.
Yours 

I write to inform you that I will be traveling with my family for a period of DATE between DATE and DATE. Due to the fact that my entire quota of annual leave sanctioned by the company is pending, I request you to adjust my leaves accordingly.
Following my earlier discussion with my team lead, I have requested my colleague, PERSON to take over my project while I am on leave. I have already handed over all material regarding the project to PERSON, and expect there to be no exigencies in my absence.
Due to the nature of my travel plans, I may not be available to take phone calls. I request you to address any urgent work-related matters to my email address {enter email ID}.
I will be grateful for a positive reply to my leave request.

Respectfully, it is to inform you that I am suffering from an illness. I am an employee of your firm for DATE. I recently have been diagnosed with a illness. Due to this sudden illness, it would not be possible for me to make an appearance at the office for DATE. 
This critical condition has deteriorated my health a lot. I cannot eat properly and have a really bad body rash. It is impossible for me to concentrate on anything. I can attest to have been a dedicated employee and did not take any additional leave from work ever. 
The employee regularity record would serve as evidence of this claim. I would be able to come back after my complete recovery and serve your firm again with the same vigilant and attentive inclination. I hope you take my plea into consideration and allow me a leave of absence for DATE. I shall remain indebted to you for this kindness.
Yours 

ORG has recently offered a free DATE study program for the candidates fulfilling the criteria. For government and private servants, it is a prerequisite to get approval from the relevant authority. 
Sir/Ma’am, I fulfill the criteria of this study program. I believe it is a once in a lifetime opportunity for me to fulfill my dream of studying abroad.
I am committed to continuing my services to the department after receiving higher education in (Country name). I shall be indebted to you for approving my leave application for the study program.

My name is PERSON and I have been working in ORG department for DATE. I have recently found myself stuck in a loop, doing the same things over and over again. My learning process stopped and I haven’t improved for a while now.
Feeling the need for self-development, I would like to request for an extended leave, sabbatical, in order to continue my studies and earn another degree. 
I am committed to ORG and I am happy to work here. I am planning to resume my work at ORG once I earn my degree, by then, I will be more knowledgeable, motivated, experienced, and more committed.
I do believe that this move is beneficial for both me and the organization. I plan to enroll in DATE. The program will take DATE so I should be back by May. I have briefed the head of the department and he assured me that coverage is available and that workflow will not be affected much.
I kindly ask you to consider my request and I am hopeful that will approve it. Attached to this letter are the program acceptance letter and other related documents for your reference.

I am PERSON, (Job designation) feeling pain in the upper end of knee since DATE (Show your actual cause and condition). Today I went to the hospital for a checkup and after a medical checkup by the orthopedic specialist doctor at ORG I have been strongly recommended to have bed rest for at least two weeks before a second checkup (As your requirement). Doctor also recommend medicine for DATE and said results would be depending upon the bed rest. I request you to please grant me leave for DATE for the betterment and speedy recovery of the inner side pain of the knee. I will be thankful to you.
Sincerely 

So my doctor has advised me DATE complete bed rest to soothe my nerves. In fact, this is causing constriction pain in my head and continuous nausea.
I am apologetic to apply for leave during this busy season. On the other hand, I already have completed the report I was working on. I will email the same to you shortly for your review. After leave, I will put in extra efforts to patch up the pending work.
I will be very grateful if you grant me a DATE leave, that is to say, DATE.


I am PERSON. I got fever yesterday and the doctor has asked me to take rest, so i would not be able to come to school on DATE. Please grant me leave for one day. I'll be very thankful to you.
Yours 

Respectfully, I am here to inform you that, I am suffering from fever since last night. The doctor had advised me to take DATE rest.
I, therefore, request you to grand me CARDINAL days leave from DATE to DATE.

With due regard, I want to notify you that my child, PERSON is a student of class CARDINAL, of your school. Due to some wellness issues, my boy/girl is hospitalized and is recommended to be in a doctor’s monitoring for two days. My family members are taking care of him/her in hospital, right now and we are not in a state to send him/her to school.
Hence, I beg you to please understand our position and grant my child leave for DATE from DATE to DATE. I am inserting a medical document from the doctor for your reference. I ensure you that he/she will attend the school daily going forward.

I am writing this application to inform you that I am suffering from severe viral disease and therefore, I want sick leave from work. I got this infection last night and I will not be capable to come to the office for at least DATE. As advised by my doctor, I should take rest and recover appropriately before continuing work. The report from the doctor is also attached for your reference.
Kindly grant me a leave for DATE. I will be available on the phone in case of any emergency cases. Please reach me as per your comfort. For important matters, I have notified PERSON to take care of them to assure that all deadlines are met.
I believe you will understand and grant me leave for the mentioned period. I am waiting for your approval.


I would like to leave work on DATE and return on DATE.
If approved, I will be traveling during this time period, but I would be glad to assist with any questions via email or phone.

As we discussed yesterday, I would like to request a formal leave of absence from my job. I plan to be away from DATE ,to DATE returning to work on DATE.
If approved, I would be glad to help with a plan to cover my workload in my absence. I would also be available to answer questions and provide assistance while I am away.
Please let me know whether you require any additional information. Thank you very much for your consideration of my request.
Best,

For medical concession as I was absent on DATE due to fever & cough. 

I would like to inform you that I was unwell from DATE to DATE and was not able to attend lectures and hereby request you to grant attendance accordingly.  Thanking you in anticipation

I was absent from DATE as I had throat infection and viral fever so doctor asked me to stay home. I hope you will consider my application. Thanking you.

This is written to inform you that I, PERSON,  student of ORG could not attend college from DATE due to viral infection. I request you grant me leave for these days.

I, PERSON, was not able to attend college due to acute viral illness and was advised to rest during the illness from DATE

I, PERSON, was not able to come college from DATE as i was suffering from typhoid fever and liver infection. I request you to accept this medical application.

Dear Sir, I PERSON from ORG was absent couple of days due to medical reasons. Medical certificate is attached with application. I kindly request you to consider my attendance.

Kindly consider this medical leave application for student PERSON Roll number CARDINAL who could not attend college due to medical issues as prescribed by the doctor.

This is the application about the attendance concession due to medical reasons. The medical certificate is attached with this application. I was absent from DATE and started college from DATE.

Dear Sir, Kindly allow us to scan all the general application records with PERSON for our Final Year (B. E) Project guided by PERSON.

This is with respect to our B.Tech Project. We have opted for an External Project with ORG.  To get the approval letter from them, according to their protocols they expect a letter from the college stating their details. The same has been mailed to you. Thanking you in anticipation.

Please allow access of B-111 for conducting ML Research Event. Event Details: Date: DATE, Time: TIME, Venue: B-111. ORG takes responsibility of the room and its infrastructure for the event.

I was doing an internship (external) during the DATE at college and hence I didn't attend college at that time. Hence I request you to consider my attendance for DATE of college.

I was not able to attend any lectures and practicals DATE as I had to complete my DATE of internship duration.  So please excuse me for the same.

This application is to apply for attendance concession from DATE due to summer internship (DATE) at ORG.

This application is to apply for attendance concession from DATE due to summer internship at ORG.

I was interning at ORG from DATE. I missed college, hence request you to grant compensation for the same.

I was pursuing an external (in-office) internship at ORG from DATE.  All the formalities (internship application, etc) pertaining to the same have been submitted to the Internship Cell. Requesting you to grant me concession in attendance in theory/pracs due to the same.

I was doing internship at ORG from DATE.

My internship completed on DATE in ORG due to which I wasn't able to attend the lectures and practicals till DATE. I had taken the permission from TPO regarding the same. The required documents are attached with this.

Kindly allow me attendance concession from DATE as I was interning at ORG. The internship completion certificate is attached. Thank you.

I am PERSON and i have been the student of this college since DATE in (specify your course).
I am in need of a Bonafide certificate as a proof of my residence for applying for my passport (or mention some other reason).
Kindly provide me with the Bonafide certificate. I will be very thankful to you.
Yours 

I, PERSON, Son/Daughter of PERSON, Studying CARDINAL in ORG need a bonafide certificate to (reason). So, I kindly request you to issue me a bonafide certificate.
                                                 
I am PERSON studying DATE in our college. As I have planned to visit ORG during DATE to DATE for doing my project titled _______________________________ [write the name of your project], I am in need of bonafide certificate from our college. Hence, I kindly request you to grant me the same at the earliest.

I am writing this letter for requesting you to provide a Bonafide certificate on behalf of my son/daughter PERSON studying in grade CARDINAL In your school. My son needs a Bonafide certificate from the school for the Passport renewal application scheduled on DATE.

I have the honor to inform you that I am a student of your prestigious college for the last DATE with a clean reputation. As you are aware that we would be requiring to apply to research organizations/companies for our final semester project,  a bonafide certificate is required for the same from our college as identity proof. Hence, I humbly request you to issue me a bonafide certificate at the earliest. 
I am hereby attaching all the necessary documents for official purpose. I will be highly obliged if you grant me the favor.
This is for your kind information and necessary action.

I request you to issue a bonafide certificate with photo and attested marksheet of current semester for the purpose of passport application.

I am PERSON studying in ORG.I need a bonafide certificate to apply for my bank loan.So I kindly request you to issue the above as your convenience.

I studied (name of course taken) in this highly esteemed institution between DATE. I successfully completed my studies and graduated DATE with an upper division in the CARDINAL-class honors distinction. I am writing to you to request your office to provide me my original documents so that I can furnish my arsenal of academic credentials.
The reason why I am kindly requesting your office to provide me with the said documents is that I need to submit them to my current employer for validation. Fortunately, thanks to the esteem in which our academic institution is held and the impeccable work ethic that I got from the school, I landed my dream job. The job will certainly provide me an opportunity to impressively represent the university and allow me to build a portfolio of excellence in service provision. However, without these documents, I fear that this job will be nothing but a mere false start to an already condemned career. My future is, fortunately, in your very capable and committed hands.
Kindly make the necessary arrangements for me to get these certificates as soon as possible. I look forward to hearing from you soon. 

With all the due respect I am PERSON. Admission number ORDINAL in a particular department. I have been a student in this esteemed college for DATE. I completed my studies successfully and now looking to join the higher institution for specialized studies. I was not able to collect my documents due to some reasons i could not avoid at the time of completion of studies.
Therefore, I would kindly wish to bring to your attention a humble request to issue the original documents. They have been in this college since my admission day.
Kindly but urgently, treat this matter with urgency.
Please respond the earliest.
Yours 

During the counseling I surrendered the following original documents. I need the documents to meet some urgent work.
Hence I request you to kindly return the original documents, so as to enable me to meet the work related to the documents.
Assure you to return the documents immediately after completion of my work.

Consequent upon my resignation, I was relieved recently on DATE after completion of all exit formalities. My Employee ID is ORDINAL
As you are aware, the company had retained my original marks cards and/or certificates as per list below at the time of my joining the company as a security deposit. Now since I have been relieved after all formalities, I request you to return me the said documents at the earliest.
List :
You may even let me know the date and time when I need to come to collect the same.


I would like to make a formal written request for a duplicate copy of my university diploma. I graduated with a degree in BS Psychology in DATE.
The original copy of my diploma was among the belongings that were swept away by the flood that hit my hometown DATE. Our house was situated near a creek, making our home one of the hardest hit properties in the area. I have attached an affidavit of loss verified by the high courts attorney to support this.
I hope that you can assist me with this request. I appreciate your time and effort to get this done for me.
Sincerely,

I applied to your 8-week WORK_OF_ART beginning on DATE through ORG’s online application service.
I am writing to confirm I sent the required documentation to complete the application process by ORG on DATE.
Nearly DATE have passed since I sent the documents and I have not yet received your response. I would very much appreciate it if you could inform me of the current condition of my application.
I am looking forward to your reply.
Best regards,

I applied to your 8-week WORK_OF_ART beginning on DATE through ORG’s online application service.
I received a Form I-20 from your school DATE, but I found my first name was misspelled on the form.
Wrong: Henri Gatou
Correct: Henri Tatou
Please correct my name, issue a new Form I-20 and send it by express mail to the following mailing address as soon as possible:
Attn: Henri Tatou


It is with great pleasure that I recommend PERSON to attend your LANGUAGE program. For DATE, PERSON was a student in my LANGUAGE grammar and conversation class.
PERSON was an outstanding student. Her interest to learn the LANGUAGE language allowed her to develop her LANGUAGE skills and earn high scores on the exams. She was always enthusiastic about discussing various subjects pertaining to foreign cultures and voicing her opinions about current events.
PERSON was an active member of the ORG. She took on leadership roles by organizing events and challenged her fellow students by raising interesting questions and making intelligent comments. PERSON was an impressive student, always active in events and curious about her projects.
She hopes to develop and improve her LANGUAGE skills at your school in order to prepare herself to attend college in the GPE. I am confident she is qualified to attend your program and will succeed in her LANGUAGE studies. It is without reservation that I wholeheartedly recommend PERSON to attend your reputable program.

I applied to your 8-week WORK_OF_ART beginning on DATE through ORG’s online application service.
I sent all the required application materials including the payment of your program’s tuition deposit. Regretfully, however, I will not be able to attend your school’s program due to personal circumstances.
Please take all the necessary steps to officially cancel my application by following your program’s cancellation and refund policies.

I am PERSON studying in ORG. I have successfully appeared for final semester exams. Now I am in need of all my original certificates to apply for a job. TC, Course Completion, Conduct Certificate and Mark Sheets upto last semesters are required at this moment. Kindly make necessary arrangements to get my certificates at the earliest. 


I would like to inform you that I am an employee in your company for DATE with a good reputation. I want to get the bonafide certificate as an identity proof to open a bank account.
So, I request you to issue my bonafide certificate at the earliest. Here are my details:
Name
Organization
Department
Employee ID Number
Address
I am attaching all the necessary documents with the email. I will be highly obliged if you grant me the favor.

I am writing to you because I would like to request for my original documents. I have recently been accepted into a new college/university and they are requesting that I give them my original documents from your college. (Describe in your own words). I need the document for the DATE. I hope this is okay for you. This new college is the perfect opportunity to learn the right skills and knowledge and experience that I need. (Explain the actual condition and situation).
I hope that you understand and give the relevant documents. I look forward to hearing back from you.
Yours 

As part of the prerequisites for acceptance to ORG, I have been asked to provide a letter of recommendation. I would greatly appreciate it if you will write this letter for me, with particular comments in regard to our student-teacher relationship and my assistance to you during the past CARDINAL semesters. 
We worked together for some time on that networking project, and since you were pleased with how quickly I learned and accepted responsibilities, I am hoping you can share an experience in your letter to ORG to focus on my dedication and passion for programming.
I am including my transcripts with my current GPA as well as information on my membership roles in the IT and math clubs. You will also find a copy of my college application to make it easy for you to write the letter and submit it to the admissions office by email. The deadline for submitting the letter is DATE. If you are unable to provide a letter, please let me know within DATE from the date of this request.
I know how busy you are, and I thank you in advance for your time. If there is any other information I can provide, please contact me at the phone number or email address at the top of this letter.
Sincerely,

I am reaching out to ask for a letter of recommendation to accompany my application to ORG, where I am planning to study business management. I realize that you are busy, so I appreciate the time it may take you to write this letter.
I learned a lot about managing a small business while working for you at ORG, and I think you will be able to provide insight into my skills that will increase my chances of being accepted to ORG. As you know, I was promoted to assistant manager and have gained extensive experience related to the coursework I am pursuing. I hope you can share a story or experience that highlights my accomplishments and strengths.
I have attached a copy of my updated resume and a copy of my application for your review. I have also included details of my job description and a few of my accomplishments while working for ORG. You will also find detailed instructions on how to submit the letter. Please not that the university requires submission by DATE. Is this a task that you have the time to complete by that date? If not, I understand and thank you for your time and consideration.
If you have any questions or need any further information, please don’t hesitate to contact me in any way that is most convenient for you. I would greatly appreciate knowing whether you can accept my request at your earliest convenience.
Sincerely,
 
I am requesting a copy of my full transcript from ORG. The required form and fee of $MONEY in the form of a money order are enclosed as per the instructions I received when I contacted the university.
I am a proud DATE graduate of ORG where I earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering while in attendance from DATE to DATE. I am requesting these documents for a possible position with ORG.
In order to help expedite this request and allow you to quickly access my files, my ORG Student Identification Number is CARDINAL. My Social Security number is CARDINAL. My date of birth is DATE. Please forward the transcripts to me at home. My home address is:
I appreciate your prompt attention regarding this request, as I require a copy of my transcripts for my upcoming interview. By receiving this information as quickly as possible, I am confident I will be fully prepared for this interview. Should you have any additional questions regarding this matter, please call me at CARDINAL or email me at JASmith@XMail.com
Sincerely,


It has been a great honor for me to be part of this great institution since DATE.  I feel proud and privileged to inform that due to the high standard of education imparted by this institution, I have been able to secure a position in ORG, GPE for a doctorate program. I would be soon joining; however, as a precursor to the same, I am required to submit my original transcripts for verification to my new institute.
I would be grateful to you if you could oblige me by sending me the requisite document at my under mentioned address. I graduated from the institution in DATE and was enrolled under ORG course, and my course enrolment number was CARDINAL.
Address
Looking forward to a prompt response from your side.

ORG, in the Engineering major from the class of DATE.
For further identification, my Social Security Number is CARDINAL, and my student number was CARDINAL. Having received my degree in DATE, I would appreciate your prompt assistance in mailing my transcript to the address mentioned below.
Mailing address:
This transcript is essential to an upcoming interview DATE. Thus, I hope to receive my transcript quickly to assist me in this interview.

It has been an honor for me to be part of this excellent institution since DATE.  I feel proud and privileged to inform that due to the high standard of education imparted by this institution, I have been able to secure a position in ORG. I would be soon joining; however, as a precursor to the same, I am required to submit my original transcripts for verification to my new institute.
I would be grateful to you if you could oblige me by sending me the requisite document at my under mentioned address. I graduated from the institution in DATE and was enrolled under the WORK_OF_ART, and course enrolment number was CARDINAL.
Address

Looking forward to a prompt response from your side.

I need to get a copy of my full transcript with the ORG. I understand that there is a charge for this document of $MONEY according to the universities regulations. I have enclosed a money order for $MONEY. I am a proud graduate of ORG from DATE, with a Master’s Degree in Psychology. I need a copy of these documents for a potential job as a counselor at ORG.
To help you access my files quickly, my Social Security Number is CARDINAL. My official Ohio State Student Identification number is CARDINAL. I need the transcripts mailed to my home address at:
I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter, as these documents are a requirement of my interview. By receiving this documentation quickly, I will be able to attend the interview with the correct paperwork in hand. If you should have any questions, please feel free to contact me at CARDINAL. I can be reached anytime by phone or email at [email protected]
Sincerely,

I am PERSON and am a part of the alumni of ORG during DATE. I was from the Social Science background and my roll during the study was CARDINAL.
I write to you, sir to request you to issue me transcripts of my study. I have applied for further studies in ORG and I need to submit my transcripts as is the standard procedure. I may also request you to take pains in issuing it in the format I have attached in the enclosure, since my college demands to receive it in the same format. Lastly Sir, I request you to kindly issue it by DATE.

Please be acknowledged that I am PERSON and earned the
designation of sales officer few years ago and I was just holding bachelor degree as the only highest degree in my academic career. It saddened me and I decided to complete my Masters and so I did that from this valued university last year. My promotion as Manager Sales depends on the transcript of Master’s degree. I will be upgraded in my present job on the basis of this degree of mine and it would suffice many issues of mine regarding finances. Kindly issue me the transcript as soon as it can be and I will be grateful for this act of kindness. 

With due respect and estimation, it is stated that I have been a part of this prestigious institution and secured gold medal in my field. I graduated in DATE and I worked as an accountant in local company for some time. Now, I am panning to get my higher studies from US University. I have already applied there but due to lack of my documents, they are not processing my application. I am requesting you to issue me my transcript letter as soon as possible so I can go abroad for studies. I would be grateful to you for this favor.
Yours 

With due respect and honour, it is to state that I am PERSON and I took my degree of Master’s from this valued university. I was inspired from its mission statement that says: “Do not put FULL STOP in your life. Keep on seeking the continuation marks.” I followed the latter one and had recently applied for the program of Doctoral from ORG, but as you know it is incumbent on
all the new admissions to provide their transcript for the last earned degree so that they can consider the credentials of the student for the program applied. Kindly issue me the transcript as soon as possible. 

I am PERSON, enclosing a fee of £MONEY for my transcripts.
I was a student of your college for the session of DATE. I received my original passing certificates DATE. Now, I need the transcripts.
So, please issue me the transcripts at your earliest convenience.
My roll number is – CARDINAL, passing year – DATE, B.A. degree course.
My birth date is – DATE.
You can send the documents to this address


It has been an honor for me to be part of this excellent institution since DATE.  I feel proud and privileged to inform that due to the high standard of education imparted by this institution, I have been able to secure a position in ORG. I would be soon joining; however, as a precursor to the same, I am required to submit my original transcripts for verification to my new institute.
I would be grateful to you if you could oblige me by sending me the requisite document at my under mentioned address. I graduated from the institution in DATE and was enrolled under course, and course enrolment number was CARDINAL. 
Looking forward to a prompt response from your side.

I would like to request a copy of my full transcript from ORG. I understand that there is a fee as stated in the school's policies. I have enclosed a money order amounting to $MONEY for the fee.
I graduated high school from ORG in DATE. I am requesting for copies of the documents for my application to college.
I'm providing important details to let you access my files quickly. My student ID number is CARDINAL. My date of birth is DATE, and my social security number is CARDINAL.
I would appreciate it if you would forward the documents to my home address at [xxx].
I look forward to your prompt response on the matter.
Sincerely,

This letter is a request to obtain proof of my full transcript copy with the ORG. I believe that there is a fee involved for this document, it is MONEY with reference to the college/universities regulations. (Describe in your words). I have enclosed a money form for reciept CARDINAL. With great pride, I can say that I am from the ORG of DATE, with a (Subject and department name). I need a print of these reports for a possible job as a (Job Position) at ORG. (Describe your actual cause and situation).
I require the transcripts sent to my home address at: (Related Information)
I apprehend your timely consideration to this subject, as these records are a necessity for my interview. By obtaining this documentation immediately, I will be able to attend the interview with the required papers in hand. (Cordially describe your requirements). In case you have any queries regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me.
Yours 

I need to get a copy of my full transcript with the ORG. I understand that there is a charge for this document of (Transcript type) according to the college/universities regulations. (Describe in your words).
I am a proud graduate of ORG, with a [Nature and type of Degree]. I need a copy of these documents for a potential job as a (Job Position) at ORG. (Describe your actual cause and situation).
To assist you to locate my files promptly, my Social Security Number is CARDINAL. My official Student Identification number is CARDINAL. I need the transcripts mailed to my home address at: [Home Address]. (Explain all about the situation).
I apprehend your timely consideration to this subject, as these records are a necessity for my interview. By obtaining this documentation immediately, I will be able to attend the interview with the required papers in hand. (Cordially describe your requirements). If you should have any questions, please feel free to contact me at CARDINAL. I can be reached anytime by phone or email at [E-mail address].
Sincerely,

I have completed [Course] from ORG in DATE. So please issue my consolidated marksheet as soon as possible.

I request that a Transfer Certificate be issued to me so as to secure admission to a college in our new place of domicile.
Please also release the original marks sheet in respect of my ORDINAL semester examination, which I haven’t received so far. 

With due respect, it is to state that I want an updated mark sheet. I was not satisfied with my previous results hence I applied for revaluation. In the results of revaluation exams, I have improved my scores by great margins. However, new and updated mark sheet has not been issued to me by now. I need new results as soon as possible. Please grant me an updated mark sheet which includes my newer results after revaluation.

With due respect, it is stated that I, PERSON, a student of ORG, batch 20xx-20yy, roll number CARDINAL, have completed my degree in DATE. As per the requirement of the ORG, I’ve completed my degree’s credit hours, done an internship and have paid all my university dues.
Therefore, I request you to kindly issue me my detailed mark sheet on an urgent basis so that I can apply at different universities for further education. I shall be very grateful to you for this kind favor.
Yours 

It is to inform you that I have completed my BS degree from this university. I have passed all my semesters. Now I am looking for my mark sheet because I have to apply for MS program.
Kindly issue my mark sheet within one week. I shall be very thankful to you.
Yours 

With due respect it is to state that I want an updated mark sheet. I was not satisfied with my previous results hence I applied for re-evaluation. In the results of re-evaluation of my papers I have improved my scores by great margins. However, new and updated mark sheet has not been issued to me by now.
Please grant me an updated marksheet which includes my newer results after revaluation. So I can pursue for further education.

It is requested that I have passed my all semesters of B.ED(ARTS). Now I need detailed mark sheet of B.ED(ARTS) for admission in M ed. The last date of admission is DATE. Fee Voucher and All Result cards are enclosed with this application.
Kindly issue the detailed mark sheet on urgent basis.

With due respect, it is stated that I, PERSON, a student of BSc. (Hons.) Economics, batch DATE, roll number CARDINAL, have completed my degree in DATE.
I have completed my credit hours, internship and have paid all my dues. But my marksheet is not issued while all the student have gotten their’s.
Therefore, I request you to kindly issue my detailed mark sheet on urgently. So I can apply for further education. I shall be very grateful to you for this kind favor.
Yours 

With due respect, I would like to ask for my matric marks sheet as I was passed in the examination with roll number CARDINAL. My all class mates have got their result cards/marksheets but I have not received yet.
As the dates are announced for college admissions and I have to submit my all documents for the admission process. I would like you to issue it as soon as possible. Expecting your quick response. 

I, PERSON, student of MBA Final Year in your College would like to request you to grant me scholarship. I completed my First Semester Exam with CARDINAL GPA. I was also awarded a Scholarship in the ORDAINAL Year due to my financial circumstances and high academic grades.
I would be highly obliged if you could grant me scholarship for my final year of college also. Also, Please find my mark sheets of first semester exams and Income certificate of my parents.

I PERSON have been selected for the Masters course in Software Engineering in your respected university (Session DATE). I request you to kindly consider my application for a half or full scholarship.
For your information, I finished my graduation from the Boston University and graduated with honor in my batch. I also took part in the World Vision Project DATE held in Colorado and my team was declared the winner.
It has always been my dream to study in your university and a scholarship will be of great help to me because of my feeble financial condition. I am herewith enclosing photocopies of my academic and non-academic certificates and mark sheets. I will be very grateful if you could accept my application.
Hoping to hear from you soon,
Yours 

I humbly request for a transfer certificate and marksheet. I have been your student for DATE. I am an undergraduate student in DATE pursuing a degree program in LANGUAGE and linguistics. My dear father has been transferred to GPE as the organization was restructuring forcing us to move from Oakland.
As much as I love schooling there, it will be impossible for me to continue my studies there as I cannot live far away from my family. Therefore, I need a certificate transfer and marksheet to be admitted in the new school. I hope you will be kind enough to assist me where necessary. Please find attached documents. 

I joined this school last year due to pressure from my parents but my heart and interests lie within the field of business. I feel stressed up and depressed trying to study something against my will and interest. As a result, I have started to dislike studies despite having performed so well from grade school to high school.
I have talked with my parents and they have agreed to let me study what interests me. Please provide me with a transfer certificate and marksheet, I will highly appreciate. I have attached all necessary documents that will make the processing of the certificate as easy and fast as possible. 

I am in the process of submitting an application to ORG. Part of the application requires a letter of recommendation from someone who can effectively elaborate on my work habits, skills, and achievements. Based on our years of experience together, I believe you can help provide an effective, honest, and detailed letter on my behalf.
I would greatly appreciate it if you could write a letter of recommendation for me that can help emphasize the positive work habits I’ve shown since we’ve known each other. The deadline for submitting the letter is DATE. If this deadline is too soon and you are unable to provide a letter by that time, please let me know as soon as possible. Additionally, if there is any information it can provide that will help you write the letter in more detail, I would be happy to submit it to you.

I am reaching out to ask you to provide me a reference for a new opportunity I am seeking with ORG. Of course, I completely understand if you are unable to commit to this. Please just let me know as soon as possible.
I learned a lot about the industry while working for you at ORG, and I think you would be able to provide the kind of insight into my skills that would increase my chances of landing this new position. As you know, I have recently been employed at ORG, heading their research and development division. The opportunity at CBI Industries is related but would also require many of the sales and marketing techniques I developed while working for you.

I’m writing to ask if you would be willing to write me a supportive letter of recommendation for my graduate school applications to the counselor education programs at ORG, ORG, and ORG. The application deadline for each school is DATE. I have enclosed a recommendation form required by each application and signed the FERPA waiver indicating that I surrender my right to see the letter at any time.
As you may recall, I have taken two courses with you: Child Counseling and Psychopathology and Introduction to Counseling and Personality. I earned an A- in each course and wrote my 10-page final papers on WORK_OF_ART. Currently, my GPA is CARDINAL.
I also have enclosed a copy of my resume so you can see the extracurricular and work experience I have amassed during my four years at ORG. I think my part-time work as a Behavioral Specialist I for ORG has given me useful direct service experience. My clients have included children ages CARDINAL with Opposition Defiant Disorder, ADHD, Autism, and mild mental retardation. Working one-to-one with these children has given me the opportunity to move from theory to practice with the concepts I learned in your Child Counseling and Psychopathology course.

I have greatly enjoyed and benefited from the four classes that I took with you over DATE. I was hoping that you might know me well enough and have a high enough regard for my abilities to write a general recommendation for my credentials file.  
As you can see from the attached cover letter, I am targeting positions in the publishing industry which will draw upon my writing and editing skills, as well as my organizational ability.  
I have included a summary sheet to refresh your memory about some of my key papers including my senior thesis. I have also attached my resume which will bring you up to date about some of my accomplishments outside the classroom.  
Please let me know if you are comfortable endorsing my candidacy for jobs in the publishing industry. I would be happy to answer any questions and provide further information which will help you to write your recommendation. Can we meet during your office hours to discuss this further?

I am writing to you to request that you provide a reference for me as I begin my job search. As you know, I will be completing my graduate studies this spring, and have found several exciting opportunities that I am exploring.
As my undergraduate thesis advisor and mentor, I believe that a reference from you would provide a potential employer with information to recommend me as a school counselor.
If you need any additional information, please contact me via email or phone.

I sincerely feel that no one else is more suited to writing me a recommendation and I would truly appreciate any kind words you might be willing to say on my behalf.
That being said, I know that you are extremely busy and if you are unable to find the time to write a letter I would completely understand.
Sincerely,

I am PERSON, student of ORG. I want to apply for photo copy for the papers of my ORDINAL semester as mentioned below

Dear Sir, I was your student from DATE. I have lost/misplaced my original marksheets of semester CARDINAL. Kindly help me by giving me a duplicate set of the marksheets.

For further Masters procedure, I require a Backlog Certificate to complete my admission procedures.

I am PERSON, from ORG. I am writing this application for request in changing my YPI of FY. I have cleared my FY in DATE. My semester CARDINAL SGPI is CARDINAL and that of semester CARDINAL after clearing in DATE is CARDINAL.

I, PERSON, having roll number CARDINAL of ORG am writing to respected authority in regards to the incorrect salutation used on my semester CARDINAL and CARDINAL marksheets. I request for this error to be corrected. Attached herewith are copies of afforementioned marksheets for your kind perusal.

This letter is to inform you that I am pregnant and wish to take maternity leave. 
My due date is DATE. I would like to continue working until DATE. I plan to take CARDINAL weeks of maternity leave. I anticipate no problem with resuming my current position and delivering the same high-quality work that I do now.
While I'm on leave I suggest PERSON be in charge of my workload. (Add other details of your workload proposal here). Please consider this return to work proposal the beginning of a conversation. If you have concerns about anything I've suggested, please inform me so that I have an opportunity to address them.
While I'm on leave please contact me via which is patty.jones@email.com or CARDINAL. This way the baby and I are not disturbed if asleep. (If you plan on working while on leave mention that here).
Please let me know of any information or forms, such as a doctor's note, that you will require from me before or during my maternity leave. I look forward to working with you to ensure a smooth transition to maternity leave and back to work.
If anything changes I'll be sure to inform you as pregnancies can be unpredictable. Thank you for allowing me this time away from the office to bond with my newborn. Please let me know if you have any questions.
Kind regards,

I, PERSON, TGT Teacher, have been teaching English subject from classes CARDINAL to CARDINAL for DATE. As per the discussion held with you regarding Maternity Leave for DATE, I would like to request you to grant me leave from DATE. My due date is near and the expected date is DATE. My doctor has recommended bed rest. I will join school on DATE (tentative).
Please assign a temporary teacher to my classes during my absence. I have already completed PERCENT of the syllabus for all the classes and I will hand over the list of remaining topics to Head Mistress Ma’am before going on leave.
In the case of an unforeseen situation that can cause changes in the joining date, I will let you know as soon as possible.

I am PERSON, from (Project Name). I am pleased to inform you about my Maternity Leave Application. I would like to take my Maternity leave from DATE to DATE. I request you to grant me my Maternity Leave for DATE.
In my absence, PERSON will take responsibility for my work. You can contact me at any point of time without hesitating.

I, PERSON, Maths Teacher, have been teaching Maths subject from Class CARDINAL to CARDINAL for DATE. As per discussed with you regarding Maternity Leave for DATE, I would like to request you to grant me leave from DATE. My due date is near and the expected date is DATE. My doctor has recommended bed rest. I will join the school on DATE.
Please allow a temporary teacher to my classes during my absenteeism. I have already completed PERCENT of the syllabus for all the classes and I will hand over the list of remaining topics to Head Mistress Madam before going on leave.
In the case of an unforeseen situation that can cause changes in the joining date, I will let you know as soon as possible.

I am writing to inform you that I am pregnant and intend on taking maternity leave.
My physician has estimated that the baby is expected on DATE and I would like to remain working until DATE. I plan to take DATE off and, barring no medical issues or complications, I anticipate no problem with resuming my current position as Senior Accountant following my absence.
If you have any questions, I can be contacted via email at joanharris@email.com or by telephone at CARDINAL. Please inform me of any forms, doctor’s notes, or other information you require to enable this transition into my maternity.

I write to inform you that I am pregnant and I would like to start maternity leave on DATE 
My expected delivery date is DATE. Up to this time, I will continue to work remotely for the organisation. My maternity leave spans DATE and I should resume my current position by DATE
While on maternity leave, you may contact me via email if you require any office-related information. I have put together a work profile to enable a smooth administration for the colleague acting in my capacity during this period.
Upon my return, I hope we can reach an agreement for reduced work hours to enable me to take care of my baby. 
Please find attached my evidence of pregnancy, scan plus other necessary information. I will contact you if there are any developments. 
Kindly confirm receipt of this letter. 
Best regards,

I am PERSON from the PMO project. I am pleased to inform you that I am an expecting mother. I am in DATE of my pregnancy. My delivery date is on DATE. I want to avail of my maternity leave. I would also require DATE of leave to rest and nurture my baby.
Hence, I request you to please grant me DATE of leave, i.e., from DATE to DATE. I will be back in the office on DATE. PERSON will be my backup in my absence. PERSON also can be contacted in case of issues related to reports. However, I will be available for calls in case of urgent issues. Contact: CARDINAL

I am PERSON, from (project). I am pleased to inform you that I am an expecting mother and in my DATE of pregnancy, and I would like to avail the maternity leave. I request you to please grant me CARDINAL days leave, as _______________ (Reason).
PERSON will be my backup during my absence. You can also contact PERSON for any other issues. However I will be reachable on my mobile number CARDINAL for any urgent issues.

My name is PERSON and I am pleased to inform you that I am expectant. My delivery date is DATE and I wish to apply for a maternity leave. I hereby apply for a DATE maternity leave to give myself time with the baby and rest.
According to the maternity leave policy of this company, I am eligible to DATE before delivery and DATE after delivery. I wish to start my leave on DATE and resume work on DATE. It has been a pleasure working in this company and I hope to continue with my career when I return.
PERSON will assume my duties in my absence since they are knowledgeable about the work I do. Please also consult PERSON if you need assistance or clarification on the project reports. I can be contacted whenever needed on my mobile CARDINAL or email ____________. I hope that you will make arrangements for me to have reduced work when I return so that I can ease back to the office.

Please accept this letter as formal notification that I am resigning from my position as [position title] with ORG. My last day will be DATE.

I’m writing to give my formal notice that I’ll be leaving my role as Office Manager for ORG on DATE.
I’ve recently received an offer to serve as an executive assistant at a small startup, and after careful consideration I’m excited to explore this new path in my career journey.
I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunities I’ve been provided working on the Operations team for DATE. It’s been a wonderful experience to work for such a great company and help in solving ORG's mission to provide better financial support for older employees.
Please let me know if I can be of any assistance during this transition. 

Please accept this letter as formal notification that I am resigning from my position as Account Executive with ORG. My last day will be DATE.

Please accept this letter as notice of my resignation from my position as staff accountant. My last day of employment will be DATE.
I received an offer to serve as senior accountant of a Fortune 500 company, and after careful consideration, I realize that this opportunity is too exciting for me to decline.
It has been a pleasure working with you and your team over DATE. One of the highlights of my career was collaborating with you to automate ORG’s accounting, financial and balance systems and setting up your accounting infrastructure. Your company is poised for continued growth and I wish you much success with your upcoming acquisition of ORG.
I would like to help with the transition of my accounting duties so that systems continue to function smoothly after my departure. I am available to help recruit and train my replacement, and I will make certain that all reporting and records are updated before my last day of work.
Joyce, thank you again for the opportunity to work for ORG. I wish you and your staff all the best and I look forward to staying in touch with you. You can email me anytime at jones@somedomain.com or call me at CARDINAL.

Please accept this letter as notice that I will be resigning from my job here at ORG CARDINAL weeks from today’s date.

I would like to notify you that I am resigning from my position as Assistant Manager for ORG effective DATE. 

I appreciate the opportunities for professional development that you have provided me over DATE. I have enjoyed my tenure at ORG, and feel grateful to have started my career alongside such a dedicated team.
I have accepted a teaching position in Virginia. While my experience at ORG was rewarding, I’m excited to pursue my passion for teaching.
If I can be of any help during this transition, please let me know. I am willing to help out with freelance work until you find a replacement.

I appreciate the opportunities for professional development that you have provided me over DATE. I have enjoyed my tenure at ORG, and in particular feel honored to have been apart of such a supportive team.
If I can be of any help during this transition, please let me know. I am available to help train my replacement, and will ensure all my reports are updated before my last day of work.

I’ve enjoyed tackling extensive copywriting projects as the business has grown. I’m very appreciative for the opportunities to develop my skills in the field, and want to thank you for all your guidance and insight. I wish your company much success.
Please let me know if you need any assistance with the transition.
Sincerely,

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from the position of [Your position on the Board] on the ORG, effective DATE due to [Short reasoning for why you’re leaving the board].
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire ORG board for the past DATE. I am proud of all we have accomplished, and I am certain more successes will follow in the future.
Please let me know if I can be of assistance during the transitory period.
Sincerely,

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from the position of [Your position] for ORG, effective DATE
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire ORG team for DATE. In my time here, I have grown professionally and [something nice about the job]. In particular, I would like to thank you for [something your boss helped you with] during my time at ORG.
You have my full commitment and cooperation for a smooth transition of responsibilities. Please let me know how I can be of further assistance.
Sincerely,

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from the position of [Your position] for ORG. My last day of work will be DATE. I understand that handing in my resignation to allow for DATE notice is customary, but due to circumstances not under my control, I have to depart sooner.
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire ORG team for DATE. In my time here, I have grown professionally and [something nice about the job]. In particular, I would like to thank you for [something your boss helped you with] during my time at ORG.
You have my full commitment and cooperation for a smooth transition of responsibilities within the timeframe. 
Sincerely,

Through the contents of this email, I am informing you of my resignation. My last day of work will be DATE. I greatly apologize I can’t inform you in person, but it is due to circumstances beyond my control.
Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.
Best regards,

Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from my role as senior developer as of DATE. I have received an offer for a management position with a startup company, and after careful consideration, I feel that this is the right career move for me.

 Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from my role as [title]. My last day with ORG will be DATE. 
To ease the transition after my departure, I am happy to assist you with any training tasks during my final weeks on the job. I intend to leave thorough instructions and up-to-date records for my replacement. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the knowledge and experience I have gained by working here. I am very grateful for the time I have spent on our team and the professional relationships I've built. It's been a pleasure working for you, and I hope our paths will cross again in the future.
Sincerely,

 
I am writing to provide you with my formal notice of resignation from ORG.  My last day will be DATE, CARDINAL weeks from today.
This was not an easy decision to make, and I appreciate your support over the course of my employment at ORG.  I truly value the experience, training, and knowledge I gained over the past 5 years. It has been a pleasure working with you and the team.
Please let me know how I can help during this transition. I wish you all the best as the company continues to grow.
Sincerely,

Please accept this letter as notice of my resignation as a Customer Service representative. My last day in the office will be DATE.
Working here has been an incredible opportunity, and it was not an easy decision to leave to pursue another opportunity. This company has been a great home for me for DATE, and I thank you for being a big part of that as my boss and mentor. I’ve learned so much in my time here, and I know that this company will continue to grow and thrive.
Ahead of DATE, I would like to work with you on training or any necessary transition duties as I wrap up my time here at the company.

I’ve enjoyed tackling extensive copywriting projects as the business has grown. I’m very appreciative for the opportunities to develop my skills in the field, and want to thank you for all your guidance and insight. I wish your company much success.
Please let me know if you need any assistance with the transition.
Sincerely,

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from the position of [Your position on the Board] on the ORG, effective DATE due to [Short reasoning for why you’re leaving the board].
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire ORG board for DATE. I am proud of all we have accomplished, and I am certain more successes will follow in the future.
Please let me know if I can be of assistance during the transitory period.
Sincerely,


Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.
Best regards,


Through the contents of this email, I am informing you of my resignation. My last day of work will be DATE. I greatly apologize I can’t inform you in person, but it is due to circumstances beyond my control.
Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.
Best regards,

Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from my role as [title]. My last day with ORG will be DATE. 
To ease the transition after my departure, I am happy to assist you with any training tasks during my final weeks on the job. I intend to leave thorough instructions and up-to-date records for my replacement. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the knowledge and experience I have gained by working here. I am very grateful for the time I have spent on our team and the professional relationships I've built. It's been a pleasure working for you, and I hope our paths will cross again in the future.
Sincerely,

 
Please accept the letter as my formal resignation from [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE from today, DATE.
During my time at ORG, I have been fortunate for the opportunity to grow and learn more about ORG. Your guidance and support have prepared me well for the future.
I hope that we will have opportunities to collaborate in the future.
Please let me know how I can be of help during the transition. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.
  
I would like to inform you of my intention to resign from [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE from today, DATE.
I appreciate the opportunities you have given me during my tenure at ORG.
Please let me know what assistance you’ll require from me during the transfer period.
Thank you,
  
Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from my position as [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE from today, DATE.
I appreciate the opportunities for growth and development you have provided during my tenure. 


Please accept this letter as formal notice of my resignation as Seventh Grade World Studies Teacher at ORG, effective DATE.
After a period of consideration, I have decided to return to school to earn my Master’s in Education. I truly enjoyed my tenure at ORG. Teaching my subject matter every day has been an absolute joy. Likewise, it has been incredibly rewarding to watch students learn and develop so quickly.
Under your leadership, I have no doubt ORG’s fantastic reputation will continue years into the future. 

Please accept this letter as formal notice of my resignation as a [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE.
After a period of consideration, I have decided that I will [Reason for leaving, ex: “accept a position in a private practice office”]. After DATE of dedication to saving lives in a hospital setting, I am ready to [transition into a new role in a different healthcare environment].
Working with patients every day has been my life’s work. 


I am writing to inform you of my resignation from [Position Name] effective DATE.
I have decided to accept the promotion offered to me by ORG. I am thankful for all the support and opportunities to pursue interesting projects in numerous areas, which have prepared well for my next challenge. I sincerely hope we can collaborate together on future projects.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.
 
Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from [Position Name] effective ORG.
I am no longer able to continue my responsibilities as a member of ORG. I will [Reason for leaving, ex: “be moving away from the area”], and will thus be unable to adequately focus the appropriate time and energy towards the board’s initiatives.
I am thankful for the opportunity to work towards and accomplish board objectives during my tenure. I have been honored to serve with all of you to achieve our collective goals, and am still passionate about the Board’s mission. I am more than willing to lend support when and where I can in the future.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and ORG the very best going forward. I will always be an ardent support of our shared cause.
 
I am writing to inform you of my resignation from [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE. I have decided to return to school to pursue an advanced degree.
While it has been a difficult decision for me to leave ORG, I feel that an advanced degree will allow me to deepen my understanding of the field and help my career prospects. I can’t thank you enough for providing tremendous support over these past few years. Because of your mentorship, I have discovered a passion that I will carry far into the future.
I’m especially thankful for the opportunity to build a professional network within our industry. Likewise, I sincerely hope that you and I can work together in the future.
Please let me know how I may be of assistance in training my replacement. I am here to help make the transition as smooth as possible for you and the team.
 
Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from [Position Name] effective immediately.
I sincerely apologize for the abrupt timing of this announcement, however, due to unforeseen circumstances, I have decided to resign.
 
Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from [Position Name] effective DATE.
This announcement comes with a heavy heart, as I have sincerely enjoyed my time at ORG. With your guidance and mentorship, this position has been one of the most rewarding work experiences in my life. I will greatly miss my teammates and friends made in other departments. All this was possible due to the unique culture at ORG.
I am deeply appreciative of the numerous opportunities to build skills in numerous areas. I feel better prepared to face my next position’s challenges. I look forward to reconnecting in the future.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.
 
I am writing to inform you of my resignation from [Position Name] at ORG, effective DATE.
I will be resigning due to a number of worsening health complications for some time and feel it would be best to focus on recovery. Unfortunately, it has become clear that I am unable to meet my duties and expectations as [Position Name]. It is therefore in the best interest of all parties that I resign.
I have been very fortunate to be given the fantastic opportunities to grow and make lifelong friends during my time at ORG. 
 
Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from [Position Name] effective DATE.
I sincerely apologize for the abrupt timing of this announcement, however, due to unforeseen circumstances, I have decided to resign.
 
I am writing to inform you of my resignation from [Position Name] at DATE, effective DATE.
I have been working with my partner to help them battle a chronic illness for some time now. Recently, their illness has begun to worsen and I will no longer be able to balance both my professional responsibilities and my duties as a partner. I am therefore resigning to take up full-time caregiver responsibilities.
I’m especially thankful for the tremendous amount of support you have shown my family and I during this time. I am personally thankful for the professional opportunities offered to me while at ORG.
Please let me know how I may be of assistance in training my replacement. I am here to help make the transition as smooth as possible for you and the team.
 
I am writing to inform you that I will be formally retiring effective DATE.
I have given considerable thought to this significant decision over the past year, but I feel this is the right time to retire. I am proud to have achieved so much with such fine and respectable peers these DATE.
I sincerely appreciate ORG’s support during my long tenure. Because of our shared accomplishments, I will always consider myself as part of the company. I wish all of my colleagues the best and am certain that ORG will continue to grow and be successful.
Please let me know when you would like to meet to further discuss my resignation. I’d be happy to provide any additional assistant to enable a smooth transition.

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from the position of [Your position] for ORG, effective DATE
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire DATE team for DATE. In my time here, I have grown professionally and [something nice about the job]. In particular, I would like to thank you for [something your boss helped you with] during my time at ORG.
You have my full commitment and cooperation for a smooth transition of responsibilities. Please let me know how I can be of further assistance.
Sincerely,

Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.
Best regards,

Through the contents of this email, I am informing you of my resignation. My last day of work will be DATE. I greatly apologize I can’t inform you in person, but it is due to circumstances beyond my control.
Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.
Best regards,

I appreciate the opportunities for professional development that you have provided me over the past four years. I have enjoyed my tenure at ORG, and feel grateful to have started my career alongside such a dedicated team.
I have accepted a teaching position in GPE. While my experience at ORG was rewarding, I’m excited to pursue my passion for teaching.
If I can be of any help during this transition, please let me know. I am willing to help out with freelance work until you find a replacement.

I appreciate the opportunities for professional development that you have provided me over DATE. I have enjoyed my tenure at ORG, and in particular feel honored to have been apart of such a supportive team.
If I can be of any help during this transition, please let me know. I am available to help train my replacement, and will ensure all my reports are updated before my last day of work.

I’ve enjoyed tackling extensive copywriting projects as the business has grown. I’m very appreciative for the opportunities to develop my skills in the field, and want to thank you for all your guidance and insight. I wish your company much success.
Please let me know if you need any assistance with the transition.
Sincerely,

Following your request for birth certificates from all transport department employees, I submitted my original copy to your office. I’ll be traveling to Europe during my leave for a holiday in two months.
I kindly request a return of my birth certificate to facilitate the processing of my Visa.


I submitted all my original documents for my mortgage loan in your bank in DATE. I have repaid the loan in full; thus, I request the bank to return my original documents.
Please find all the supporting documents enclosed in this letter.
Yours,

I studied (name of course taken) in this highly esteemed institution between DATE and DATE. I successfully completed my studies and graduated last year with an upper division in the second-class honors distinction. I am writing to you to request your office to provide me my original documents so that I can furnish my arsenal of academic credentials.
The reason why I am kindly requesting your office to provide me with the said documents is that I need to submit them to my current employer for validation. Fortunately, thanks to the esteem in which our academic institution is held and the impeccable work ethic that I got from the school, I landed my dream job. The job will certainly provide me an opportunity to impressively represent the university and allow me to build a portfolio of excellence in service provision. However, without these documents, I fear that this job will be nothing but a mere false start to an already condemned career. My future is, fortunately, in your very capable and committed hands.
Kindly make the necessary arrangements for me to get these certificates as soon as possible. I look forward to hearing from you soon. 

With all the due respect I am PERSON. Admission number CARDINAL in a particular department. I have been a student in this esteemed college for DATE. I completed my studies successfully and now looking to join the higher institution for specialized studies. I was not able to collect my documents due to some reasons i could not avoid at the time of completion of studies.
Therefore, I would kindly wish to bring to your attention a humble request to issue the original documents. They have been in this college since my admission day.
Kindly but urgently, treat this matter with urgency.
Please respond the earliest.

During the counseling I surrendered the following original documents. I need the documents to meet some urgent work.
Hence I request you to kindly return the original documents, so as to enable me to meet the work related to the documents.
Assure you to return the documents immediately after completion of my work.

I am a student. I want to write an application to principal sir to give back my original date of birth certificate to me. Please give me the total format along with the body of application.

Respectfully it is submitted that I was student of B.com in your college during session DATE. I graduated last week and need my original date of birth certificate along with a character certificate to apply in Mcom. Kindly provide me the requested documents so I can proceed with my admission application.
Yours 

I am writing to you because I would like to request for my original documents. I have recently been accepted into a new college and they are requesting that I give them my original documents from your college. I need the document by DATE. I hope this is okay for you. This new college is the perfect opportunity to learn the right skills and knowledge and experience that I need. I hope that you understand and give the relevant documents . I look forward to hearing back from you.
Yours 

With due respect I beg to say that I have by mistaken submitted my original birth certificated along with my other documents at the time of admissions, Sir I request you to return me the original copy as I need it for passport purpose on urgent basis. I shall be really thankful for this act of kindness. 

I am writing to you because I would like to request for my original documents. I have recently been accepted into a new college/university and they are requesting that I give them my original documents from your college. (Describe in your own words). I need the document for the (Date) of next month. I hope this is okay for you. This new college is the perfect opportunity to learn the right skills and knowledge and experience that I need. (Explain the actual condition and situation).
I hope that you understand and give the relevant documents. I look forward to hearing back from you.
Yours 

With due respect, I beg to leave to state that I have been qualified for the (Job Designation) but my (Employer of office) has directed me to bring my original birth certificate so that my name can be registered in the (Job type). (Describe in your own words). Sir, I had submitted my birth certificate to office authorities when I had got an opportunity in this institute. (Explain the actual condition and situation).
I request you kindly return my original birth certificate so that I can register my name in the ORG and play the competition. Please return it before DATE.
I shall be grateful to you for this favor

With due respect I beg to say that I have by mistaken submitted my original Character Certificate along with my other documents at the time of admissions, Sir I request you to return me the original copy as I need it for passport purpose on urgent basis.
I shall be really thankful for this act of kindness. Kindly provide me with the requested documents so I can proceed with my admission application. 

I am PERSON studying final year in ORG. I have successfully appeared for final semester exams. Now I am in need of all my original certificates to apply for a job. TC, Course Completion, Conduct Certificate and Mark Sheets upto last semesters are required at this moment. Kindly make necessary arrangements to get my certificates at the earliest. 

This letter contains an itemised list of the following documents; as asked for by your company ORG.
I am sending these documents to you to ensure further progress in the fulfilment of the requirements for joining your company. All the documents asked for by the company are attached alongside this letter. Please let me know if you require any other documentation.
I greatly appreciate your consideration of my job application and wish to let you know that I am still seriously interested in perusing the application further. Thank you for your time.

I am writing to request a copy of , since I lost my original document due to .
 
In the attachment I am sending you the copy of original documents and copy of my ID card.
 
I kindly ask you to take prompt action on reissuing the document since I need it urgently for [state the reason]. I would appreciate if you can send the document by the express post, since I am not in the position to visit you in your premises. In the enclosure to this letter you can find a proof of payments for the tax.
If you need any other data please feel free to contact me on e-mail or via telephone CARDINAL.

Please find the attached leave application form for your kind reference.
I am requesting you to approve my examination leaves.

I have been selected for the Inter School Chess Competition in ORG that is scheduled to be held on DATE. I request you to kindly grant me permission for participating in the same. I also request you to accept my absence on DATE.


this is inform you that my BA ORDINAL semester exam on DATE. I will be appeared this exam. So i want leave on DATE for exam.
This is request to you that please granted​ my leaves.

I would like to seek your permission to appear in my MBA ORDINAL semester examination which is scheduled to be held from date till date .Hope you consider this request and grant me the leave.

I want to inform you that I am going to appear my final year University Examinations which commences from DATE. I shall be really thankful if you grant my leaves from DATE to DATE so I can have ample time to prepare and give my exams as I have already missed CARDINAL months of my classes.
I request you to please sanction me leave for the above mentioned period. I hope that you will definitely cater my plea and I shall be highly obliged for this.


I am so happy to inform that Our Principal has selected me as the candidate representative for singing competition scheduled to be conducted on DATE.
For the same, I request you to excuse my absence in the class and I believe you will assist me in the travel and preparation for the competition.
Kindly have a look on the invitation and agenda of the competitions enclosed with this letter.


Good morning!
With due respect I want to state that I am a regular student of CARDINAL in ORG.
Through this application I want to bring to your kind notice that I have participated in inter-school debate competition.
The venue for the same is ORG on DATE.
I will be highly thankful if you kindly grant me leave of absence on DATE.
Looking forward to your kind cooperation,

 I would like to bring to your kind attention that my son is studying in grade CARDINAL of your school. We have recently planned a family trip to GPE. My son is very much excited about the same and has already submitted homework to the class teacher. The trip is for one week, therefore we kindly request you to grant leave from DATE to DATE and have spoken to the class teacher and requested her to complete the syllabus in advance so that there should not be any difficulty for PERSON after returning from the trip.
I hope you will consider this letter as formal leave application and grant the Leaves for the above mentioned days.

 we have to get our visas renewed, and for that purpose. I would like you to grant leave to PERSON on DATE for the visa interview.
We tried scheduling the interview for the weekend. but the Australian embassy is working only on weekdays, and so we had no other option but to schedule the interview on a Friday. I request you to kindly confirm the Leave so that we can start the visa process.
I will make sure that PERSON takes notes from her friends and completes the homework over the weekend.

Please be informed that my son PERSON is studying in grade CARDINAL in your school. My sister’s wedding ceremony is to be held on DATE.  So my son will not be able to attend school from DATE to DATE.
Request you to grant him leaves during this period. He will take notes from his friends and complete the school work before rejoining. I shall be very thankful to you for granting Leaves.


Today is a very sad day for my family and me I am in pain and full of grief on losing my beloved brother/sister/grandmother/relative/grandfather. I want to inform you that I will not be able to come to school from DATE to DATE as we are going to our native place for the last rituals of my brother.
I would like to take my name back from the Republic Day function to be held on 25th January because I will not be able to attend the practice for the next CARDINAL days. Request you to grant me the Leaves, and I will make sure to complete my missed homework before joining the school.
Hoping for your kind consideration. 

Respectfully stating that I, PERSON, am an employee of your office serving as assistant to PERSON, the senior accountant. I write this letter to request you to grant me one day leave from office, as I shall not be available for official services on DATE, due to some personal issues. I request you to grant me casual leave for one day and give me a chance of gratefulness.


It is to inform you that me, PERSON has been working in sales coordination department as Senior Sales Supervisor. Today, as I was busy in making sales analysis report, I got the call from home that my uncle have come from England surprisingly.
As it was not planned, so I request you to please grant me casual leave for tomorrow so that I can give him company for a day because he loves me very much and have arrived after DATE.
I will be very thankful for your kindness.

This is for your kind information that I was suffering from a high fever due to which I was hospitalized from DATE to DATE. I could not attend school because of this health concern.
I am recovering now and can attend classes regularly, therefore I am resuming classes from DATE. I request you to consider my absence. I would be highly obliged.

I am requesting for CARDINAL days leave from DATE to DATE because I have a medical appointment. I am expected to relax a day prior to my appointment as instructed by my doctor.
Kindly accept my request.

With due respect, it is stated that I have an important family affair to attend at GPE due to which I won’t be able to come to office from DATE to DATE. Kindly allow me leave for these days. 

I am writing this letter to apply for the annual leave of CARDINAL weeks which I can avail as per the company policy. I have not availed any of the leaves from past six months so I would like to apply for leave starting from DATE.
The main reason for this leave is that I have to be with my father for an open heart surgery. I am the only son and I remember informing you that the operation is to be conducted in the dates I applied for leave, I would like to be with my father for one month as this operation requires CARDINAL months rest and care. I wish to be with him during the operation and after care for at least a month.
I will make sure that I hand over all my responsibilities to another employee from our and explain everything to him
I will be able to resume with work from DATE and I hope that there is no emergency or need for extension else I will inform about the same. This is my contact details please contact me for any information.
Waiting for the confirmation of leave.
Yours 

I am PERSON and with your team, I work as the Chief Engineer. I have written this letter to say that on DATE there is marriage engagement with PERSON. So I will be very happy if you come at there. Even there is a party near the hall after DATE. I am sending the personal invitation in due course of time. Actually, I want to tell you that please give me a leave of absence from DATE till DATE. Therefore I request you to treat my absence as informed leave and oblige.

I need a leave of day after tomorrow. Please allow me a leave. I would very thank full to you for this act of compassion.

Most humbly, it is requested that I have to do some chores at home. Due to which, I won’t be able to come to office tomorrow, on DATE. I’ve completed all my assigned office tasks due for tomorrow, and have guided my assistant to deliver the reports where required. Kindly grant me leave for one day.

To follow up on our meeting yesterday. As we discussed, I would like to request a leave of absence from DATE through DATE.
I will return to work on DATE.
Please let me know if I can provide further information or if you have any questions.

I is stated that I have applied in marines as navy seal and I have got a call letter. One of the requirements for the post is to verify my documents and have my transcript by my university from where I have been graduated. For this reason I shall have to go to GPE so that I may apply for the verification of my documents.
This will take approximately CARDINAL days due to lengthy process of attestation.  You are requested to grant me leave for CARDINAL days from DATE to DATE. I shall be grateful to you for this favor.


I am PERSON from the loan department. I work as loan in charge officer in your office. I am writing this letter to inform you that my marriage is fixed on DATE. I want to avail leave from DATE to DATE. I am attaching my wedding invitation with this letter. There is a reception on the evening of DATE. I have invited all our staff members. It will be my pleasure if you make it convenient to attend the party and bless us.
Please treat my absence as informed leave and do the needful.
Looking forward to hear from you.

I am writing this letter to inform you that I need to take a sick leave from work due to a severe throat infection. I will need to remain off of work until DATE.
A letter from my doctor is attached to confirm I need the time off to properly recover without risking my health or the health of my co-workers. I apologise for any inconvenience due to my absence from work.
I should however be able to occasionally check my email and do some work including a few projects I had almost completed before becoming sick from home when possible until I come back to the office. When I return on DATE I fully intend to do my best to catch up on any work I missed during my absence.
Please let me know if you need further verification from my doctor. If I should require additional time off I will let you know as soon as possible. Feel free to contact me at your convenience should you have any questions or require clarification regarding my sick leave request. 


I want to thank you for allowing me to interview with you on DATE, and then selecting me as your intern candidate. I know several people were vying for the position and I was pleased that I was selected. Although I have only been with ORG for six months, my time with the company has been fruitful and exciting.
I can certainly understand why your many high-profile clients are so interested in retaining your services. You deliver results, and you do it in a professional and friendly manner. The intern role provided me with a lot of great experiences because I got to see first-hand how industry experts handle clients and deliver results. I truly have enjoyed my time with your agency.
As I mentioned during the interview process, I have also been seeking full-time employment. One of the companies that I previously met with contacted me because of a job opening. This opportunity turns out to be ideal for me, and I have decided to accept that position. I just heard from this firm and wanted to let you know about my plans to leave ORG in DATE. During that time I am happy to meet you (or anyone else) to review the work I was engaged in. Rest assured, I will complete all tasks assigned to me and you can contact me via email if you have any questions after I leave.
I want to reiterate my appreciation for spending the past few months educating me and training me about the public relations industry. This experiential learning has proved to be invaluable and I will always be grateful for your generosity of time.
I also want to wish you the very best of luck in all your endeavors and look forward to reading about your clients in the various news outlets and on social media platformers. I hope that we can stay in touch, and to that end have included my contact information at the top of this letter.

With reference to the above, I take this opportunity to kindly request you to allow me to do internship in your reputed school. I enclose herewith a short resume for your perusal and record.
I hope you will be kind enough to oblige and looking forward to positive reply.


Most respectfully it is stated that I am a procurement officer in the PPC section of the company. Respected sir, it will not be possible for me to attend the office today i.e. DATE, due to an urgent piece of work at home. I know that many important shipments are due today and it is my topmost priority to take care of them, but this work is very urgent and my presence is compulsory at home. I have provided the necessary documents to Sub-officer, PERSON, who will handle the shipments in my absence. I am also available on CARDINAL in case of any query.
Sir, I have not taken any leave in DATE; therefore, you are requested to kindly sanction my one day leave. 

I am writing this application to inform you regarding my illness. I am having a severe headache and throat infection since last night. The doctor has advised me to take complete rest for four days, DATE here.  The medical certificate is enclosed with the letter to confirm that I need the break from work to recover properly. I will try my best to check my account occasionally for important emails and continue doing some official work from home until returning back to the office. On joining the office, I am determined to catch up the work being missed during the leave.
Please let me know if any further clarification is needed in this regard. I am available 24/7 on my cell phone. Please feel free to contact me in case of an emergency. Looking forward to your prompt response on this matter.

It is brought to your kind notice that I have to visit my village for DATE. I have just purchased land and should be there for completing the official paperwork . I will leave tomorrow morning i.e. on DATE and would return on DATE after the completion of all documentation. Meanwhile, PERSON will be taking care of my projects. He is a responsible person and will keep you updated on the progress of the projects in my absence.
I will be very thankful if you consider this request and grant me leaves form DATE. In case of an emergency, you can contact me on CARDINAL.


I am writing this mail to inform you that my mother has passed away last night and my family needs me at this critical time. I am unable to come to the office today due to this sudden incident. The funeral prayers will take place today, therefore, please grant me leave for one day, i.e. DATE. I am sorry for the inconvenience that will be caused due to my absence from the office. I will take care of the pending tasks and will complete them at the earliest possible after joining the office. In the meantime, PERSON will handle my responsibilities.
Thank you for your kind consideration.

It is brought to your kind notice that I am having a minor back surgery scheduled on DATE. I am planning to rejoin the office on DATE. Upon having a successful surgery, I will get rid of the pain that has been inhibiting my movements for many years. All the required paperwork is enclosed with the leave letter. I am working very hard to complete all the projects being assigned to me before going on leave. I am also coordinating with my colleagues to ensure that they take care of my responsibilities in my absence without causing any inconvenience to you.
This surgery will really help me in focusing more on my job and becoming more productive. Your consideration regarding this issue is highly appreciated. In case of an emergency, please feel free to contact me on the phone.

It is to be stated that, I was absent for two days DATE and DATE due to the holding of  my interview in GPE.
The interview was important and not to be delayed which, If cause admission problems for the students. So, kindly do not declare me absent. I will be very thankful to you for this kind of act.

It is stated that my daughter PERSON is doing internship in your well known institute on DATE, she was not well due to some health issues,so she could not attend the institute. It is requested that one day leave for DATE may please be granted,
Yours 

I am writing to apply for an internship with ORG after completing my ORDINAL year at ORG. I have always wanted to be a criminal defense attorney and the ability to defend indigent adolescents and adults is especially appealing. I believe everyone deserves a vigorous defense and I would greatly benefit from a summer internship.
My first two years of law school have helped me hone a keen understanding of how to think like a lawyer. I was selected to be on the Law Review as well as on a Moot Court team that placed nationally.
My law school GPA is currently a CARDINAL, a difficult accomplishment in a rigorous program. While I know classroom abilities do not always translate into good litigation skills, my successes with moot court should be indicative. I believe in constitutional rights and protecting them.
I would enjoy working as an intern in a public defender’s office. I would bring my best effort to represent every client. I have received practice approval under the Student Practices Act and I await your phone call.
Sincerely,

I, PERSON, am writing this letter to apply for the internship. Having studied in ORG, I believe I’m capable for undertaking this responsibility.
I have a degree in . I’m also good at . I therefore think I shall be appropriate for this internship.
I hope the committee shall consider my application for this internship.


I, PERSON, am writing this letter to apply for the Annual Placement Internship with ORG. Interviews for the same had been conducted in our university a week ago. I am writing after having been deemed qualified by the interviewers to submit a formal written application.
I have attended CARDINAL of the total CARDINAL seminars held by the ORG in our academy in DATE, and hold certificates to prove the same. I was also a volunteer for the exhibitions sponsored by the Placement Committee in Delhi. I am efficient in my work and can efficiently juggle large numbers. Given a chance, I believe I’d be extremely apt for the job. Moreover, my marketing skills would also help Cell recruit more people.
Given a chance, I believe I could do this job justice. I, therefore, request you to consider my application for an internship at ORG.

My name is PERSON, and I am a graduating senior at Heritage High School. I saw your posting for the  role on ORG, and was immediately compelled to apply. My academic and career goals align with the internship’s stated objectives, and I am confident that I have the right skills for the job.
In addition to taking business-related coursework like Intro to Business and Entrepreneurship, I served as president of my school chapter’s Model United Nations and as secretary of ORG. Beyond these extracurricular activities, I also actively volunteer at ORG and the local homeless shelter. Taking on these roles has led to some of my proudest accomplishments.

ORG is an emerging leader in the educational software industry, making your internship the perfect opportunity to grow my understanding of business development. I have no doubt that my unmatched enthusiasm and eagerness to learn can take the internship to new heights.
I’ve attached my resume, which further details my skills and involvement in the community. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions about my background. I look forward to the opportunity to speak with you further; thank you for your time and consideration.

With reference to the above, I take this opportunity to kindly request you to allow me to do internship in your reputed school. I enclose herewith a short resume for your perusal and record.
I hope you will be kind enough to oblige and looking forward to positive reply.

I would like to request an internship letter to work for DATE preferably from DATE through to DATE.


I am submitting my resume for consideration for the summer application design internship program at ORG. Given the skills and experience outlined in my enclosed resume, I believe I will be a worthy asset to your team.
In my DATE at ORG, I’ve completed a great deal of coursework on cutting-edge design trends and best practices, including Principles of User Experience Design and Mobile Application Design, where I learned and applied skills such as user journey mapping, application wireframing and designing software for a variety of mobile devices and operating systems.
In addition, I spent the past semester volunteering my time with a local non-profit that collects donated clothes and furniture and redistributes it to families in need. I helped the web team update and re-launch an application that allows people in the community locate nearby drop-off points and schedule pick-ups.
Finally, my two years working as a barista at the student center has taught me the importance of building a convenient and memorable consumer experience that aligns with the brand. It also helped me grow my skills in team collaboration, verbal communication and project leadership.
I believe I would make an excellent addition to your team. This internship would help me grow my real-world experience in the technology industry and help me further develop and refine my application design skills.
I look forward to hearing from you!

I’m writing to you regarding the marketing role that opened up recently. I came across the job description on ORG, and was delighted to find that my academic accomplishments meet all of the necessary requirements. I am seeking a challenging but rewarding internship, which is why I was drawn to this exciting opportunity.
As a junior marketing student at ORG, I have acquired skills in advertising, PR, product development, and market research. Currently I hold a CARDINAL GPA and have been on the Dean’s List every semester. While in the college of business I have strategically focused my coursework in the following areas:

When I discovered ORG’s fashion internship on ORG, I was drawn to the position’s focus on innovation and ingenuity. As a junior majoring in fashion merchandising at ORG, I pride myself on creating original concepts and executing daring designs. My leadership experience, design coursework, and creative portfolio make me an excellent candidate for this position.
Leadership experience. As president of ORG, an on-campus student organization, I produce an annual fashion show with over CARDINAL models and CARDINAL attendees.
Design coursework. I have a CARDINAL major GPA and have taken Introduction to Textiles, Fashion Sketching, Computer-Aided Fashion Design, and Advanced Apparel Development.
Creative portfolio. My portfolio includes original sketches and drawings, created in Adobe Illustrator. It can be viewed at dakotatailordesign.com.
I’m eager to apply my knowledge at ORG while growing into a bold. As I prepare for a career in fashion, I look forward to developing a better understanding of the field by collaborating with your experienced and inspired design and production team. 

When PERSON encouraged me to apply for this internship, I jumped at the chance. ORG is a leader in the manufacturing world with good reason. It's the perfect match for my interest in manufacturing design.
 
I'd love to put my skill and passion to work for you. Could we set aside some time for a call to discuss how my success so far can contribute to engineering excellence at ORG?

I am in the process of submitting an application to ORG. Part of the application requires a letter of recommendation from someone who can effectively elaborate on my work habits, skills, and achievements. Based on our years of experience together, I believe you can help provide an effective, honest, and detailed letter on my behalf.
I would greatly appreciate it if you could write a letter of recommendation for me that can help emphasize the positive work habits I’ve shown since we’ve known each other. The deadline for submitting the letter is DATE. If this deadline is too soon and you are unable to provide a letter by that time, please let me know as soon as possible. Additionally, if there is any information it can provide that will help you write the letter in more detail, I would be happy to submit it to you.

I am writing to you to request that you provide a reference for me as I begin my job search. As you know, I will be completing my graduate studies this spring, and have found several exciting opportunities that I am exploring.
As my undergraduate thesis advisor and mentor, I believe that a reference from you would provide a potential employer with information to recommend me as a school counselor.
If you need any additional information, please contact me via email or phone.

I have greatly enjoyed and benefited from the four classes that I took with you over the past CARDINAL years. I was hoping that you might know me well enough and have a high enough regard for my abilities to write a general recommendation for my credentials file.  
As you can see from the attached cover letter, I am targeting positions in the publishing industry which will draw upon my writing and editing skills, as well as my organizational ability.  
I have included a summary sheet to refresh your memory about some of my key papers including my senior thesis. I have also attached my resume which will bring you up to date about some of my accomplishments outside the classroom.  
Please let me know if you are comfortable endorsing my candidacy for jobs in the publishing industry. I would be happy to answer any questions and provide further information which will help you to write your recommendation.
 
My name is PERSON. I took your class on molecular biology in my senior year, and you helped me with my project on genome sequencing. Since we will be breaking for summer at the end of the semester, I’m applying for an internship position at the ORG, and I was hoping you would be willing to write a strong letter of recommendation for me.
Honestly, I had not considered a career in pathogen genome sequencing, but after taking your classes and reading some of your works on the subject, I have become greatly interested in the subject, and I feel that interning at ORG will provide me with the basis I need to pursue a career in this field. Considering your extensive contribution to this field, and seeing as you have partnered with ORG in many of your research projects, I feel that a recommendation from you would be really helpful.
Having worked with you on the genome sequencing project, I believe you have a good idea of how hard I worked on that project and some of the challenges I encountered during the project. I was hoping you could talk about my commitment to delivering high quality work and my ability to deal with challenges, since these are some of the qualities the employer is looking for.
You will find attached a copy of my resume and a list of some of the activities I have participated in and the awards I have won. In case you need more information or want to meet in person to discuss something, I will be happy to meet and share the information.
The letter of recommendation is supposed to be submitted before DATE. You can upload it through this link.

I have greatly enjoyed and benefited from the four classes that I took with you over the past three years. I was hoping that you might know me well enough and have a high enough regard for my abilities to write a general recommendation for my credentials file.  
As you can see from the attached cover letter, I am targeting positions in the publishing industry which will draw upon my writing and editing skills, as well as my organizational ability.  
I have included a summary sheet to refresh your memory about some of my key papers including my senior thesis. I have also attached my resume which will bring you up to date about some of my accomplishments outside the classroom.  
Please let me know if you are comfortable endorsing my candidacy for jobs in the publishing industry. I would be happy to answer any questions and provide further information which will help you to write your recommendation. Can we meet during your office hours to discuss this further?

I write to inform you that I am pregnant and I would like to start maternity leave on DATE. 
My expected delivery date is DATE. Up to this time, I will continue to work remotely for the organisation. My maternity leave spans DATE and I should resume my current position by DATE
While on maternity leave, you may contact me via email if you require any office-related information. I have put together a work profile to enable a smooth administration for the colleague acting in my capacity during this period.
Upon my return, I hope we can reach an agreement for reduced work hours to enable me to take care of my baby. 
Please find attached my evidence of pregnancy, scan plus other necessary information. I will contact you if there are any developments. 
Kindly confirm receipt of this letter.

I am writing to inform you that I am pregnant and intend on taking maternity leave.
My physician has estimated that the baby is expected on DATE and I would like to remain working until DATE. I plan to take CARDINAL weeks off and, barring no medical issues or complications, I anticipate no problem with resuming my current position as Senior Accountant following my absence.
If you have any questions, I can be contacted via email at or by telephone at CARDINAL. Please inform me of any forms, doctor’s notes, or other information you require to enable this transition into my maternity.

I am writing this letter to inform you of the news of my pregnancy as well as my intention to take CARDINAL weeks of maternity leave from work. Enclosed with this letter you will find a medical form with my doctor’s confirmation of my pregnancy. I intend to begin my maternity leave CARDINAL weeks from now on DATE, and return to the office on DATE, barring any unforeseen complications. I will endeavor to complete all currently unfinished work between now and DATE, and put forth every effort to make up for my absence when I return in May.
I will inform you as soon as possible if any changes in this plan should occur. I appreciate your consideration in this matter as I will need the benefit of maternity leave in order to recover from birth, bond with my child and attend all follow-up visits with my care providers. I can be contacted throughout my maternity leave via email or telephone at CARDINAL. Please do not hesitate to contact me if any clarification is needed in this matter. 

As you well know, I am approaching the end of my pregnancy. My due date is DATE. Because this is my third child, they are expecting the child to come CARDINAL weeks early.
My original goal was to work until the time I had the baby, however it is becoming more difficult for me to work each day with my increased levels of exhaustion. I am requesting to start my maternity leave on DATE. 
I wanted to give you at least a CARDINAL weeks’ notice to be able to adequately prepare. I know you were expecting this, but it is a couple weeks earlier than anticipated. Here is the report from my doctor that states where I stand with this pregnancy and the anticipation of an early delivery due to the size of the baby.
If you have any questions, I would be more than happy to discuss this matter further with you. I can be reached during work hours or after hours on my cell phone at CARDINAL.

This letter is to inform you of the dates I wish to take my maternity leave. 
As you know from my maternity leave letter, I began my leave on DATE.
I plan to provide the high level of performance I always have in my role as a Stack Developer at ORG.

I hereby write to bring to your kind attention that I am CARDINAL months pregnant and I hope to deliver on DATE. I wish to request for a maternity leave of CARDINAL days to enable me to prepare for delivery and have some time to bond with my baby when it comes.
I wish to start my leave on DATE and resume my duties on DATE. According to the company’s maternity leave requirements, I am eligible for CARDINAL days of paid maternity leave. I have discussed my situation with my supervisor and he assures me that my duties will be covered by PERSON while I am away.
Meanwhile, I will ensure to complete the project reports before I leave. Kindly find the maternity leave application form enclosed herewith for your consideration.
Kindly approve my leave so that I can spend valuable time to nurture my baby. 
Yours 

I really hope that this letter finds you in the best of health. This letter concerns my request for a maternity leave from DATE to DATE. I hope to be back in office by DATE. I have also attached the relevant medical application and other details required to avail this leave.
I would also like to converge my annual leave along with the maternity leave so that I can be with the baby after the delivery. All in all, I would be taking a three-month leave and will re-join immediately after that. I also request to give me the details of the hospital covered under the office insurance so that my medical expenses will be taken care of.
As I will be away for a very long time, I have entrusted my responsibilities to  PERSON. He has kindly agreed to take over my chair for the period of CARDINAL months. In the case of an emergency, please do contact me at CARDINAL.
Yours 

My name is PERSON an employee in your company ORG. I wish to officially notify you that I am CARDINAL months pregnant and I would like to apply for a maternity leave.
I wish to be away from the office for DATE to prepare for delivery and to bond with my baby after childbirth. I have a balance of CARDINAL days of my annual leave and I wish to utilize them in addition to the CARDINAL days maternity leave given according to the company’s policy. My last day in the office will be DATE and hopefully resume my duties on DATE.
I will ensure not to leave any pending work when I leave. I will hand over the current projects to PERSON who will assume my duties while I am away. In case of an emergency, please contact me through my mobile CARDINAL.
In case my plans change, I will inform you in good time. I herewith attach a copy of the maternity leave application for your consideration.


I hope that this letter finds you in the best of health. This letter concerns my request for maternity leave from DATE to DATE. I hope to be back in the office by DATE. I have also attached the relevant medical application and other details required to avail this leave.
I would also like to converge my annual leave along with the maternity leave so that I can be with the baby after the delivery. All in all, I would be taking a CARDINAL month leave and will re-join immediately after that. I also request to give me the details of the hospital covered under the office insurance so that my medical expenses will be taken care of.
As I will be away for a very long time, I have entrusted my responsibilities to PERSON. He has kindly agreed to take over my chair for a period of CARDINAL months. In the case of any emergency, please do contact me at CARDINAL.
Yours 

My name is PERSON, working in your company ORG as the production manager. I hereby write this letter to apply for maternity leave. I am expecting a baby in CARDINAL month and I hope to start my leave on DATE and resume work on DATE. I wish to request this time to rest and nurture my baby. 
I understand that according to the company’s policy all female employees are eligible for CARDINAL days paid maternity leave. In my absence, PERSON will cover for me as well as respond to clients’ emails on my behalf. I intend to complete all the priority projects before I start my leave. When I return, I will work to ensure that I catch up and ease myself into the normal work schedule.
I also request that you make arrangements for me to have flexible working hours when I return as I adjust to the new life as a mother. 

I, PERSON, Maths Teacher, have been teaching Maths subject from Class CARDINAL to CARDINAL for the last DATE. As per discussed with you regarding Maternity Leave for DATE, I would like to request you to grant me leave from DATE. My due date is near and the expected date is DATE. My doctor has recommended bed rest. I will join the school on DATE.
Please allow a temporary teacher to my classes during my absenteeism. I have already completed 80% of the syllabus for all the classes and I will hand over the list of remaining topics to Head Mistress Madam before going on leave.
In the case of an unforeseen situation that can cause changes in the joining date, I will let you know as soon as possible.

I am DATE, from ORG. I am pleased to inform you about my Maternity Leave Application. I would like to take my Maternity leave from DATE to DATE. I request you to grant me my Maternity Leave for DATE.
In my absence, PERSON will take responsibility for my work. You can contact me at any point of time without hesitating.

I am sending you this letter to request for a sick leave tomorrow. I have been having headaches and a severe fever for three days already and it has affected my job performance. I was not able to submit my tasks on time. I might come back the day after tomorrow, DATE, depending if I get enough rest and heal fast.
If you ever approve my sick leave, I will still be checking my email from time to time if ever my team has a problem or has some queries. Rest assured that they promised me that they will be doing most of the work for the upcoming event in 4 days time. I will be monitoring them from time to time.
If you have any questions or queries, you can just contact me through my email or my cellular number.

Please accept this written notification of my absence on DATE. I was unable to attend work due to sickness.
If you need additional information, please let me know.

Please accept this letter as documentation of my absence from DATE through DATE due to sickness. I have included my doctor’s note detailing his recommendation for hospital treatment due to complications from the flu. I have also enclosed the hospital discharge instructions.
If I can provide any additional information, please let me know. 

I am writing this letter to inform you that I need to take a sick leave from work due to a severe throat infection. I will need to remain off of work until DATE, bringing my total sick leave to CARDINAL full weeks.
A letter from my doctor is attached to confirm I need the time off to properly recover without risking my health or the health of my co-workers. I apologize for any inconvenience due to my absence from work.
I should, however, be able to occasionally check my email and do some work, including a few projects I had almost completed before becoming sick, from home when possible until I come back to the office. When I return on DATE, I fully intend to do my best to catch up on any work I missed during my absence.
Please let me know if you need further verification from my doctor. If I should require additional time off, I will let you know as soon as possible. Feel free to contact me at your convenience should you have any questions or require clarification regarding my sick leave request. 

This letter is to inform you that I will be taking CARDINAL weeks of sick leave from DATE through DATE, as I am currently unable to come in to work due to having contracted influenza. My doctor has advised that I take this leave to rest, recover and avoid spreading the illness in the office. Please see his note enclosed with this letter. I apologize for any inconvenience caused by this leave and look forward to being able to return to the office as usual once I have sufficiently recovered.
I will complete my current projects from my home when possible and send them in to the office by fax. Once I return to the office on DATE, I plan to put forth as much effort as possible to make up for the lost time. I can be contacted during my leave if there are any questions or concerns. Please feel free to leave me a message by phone at CARDINAL or by email at if any clarification is needed in this matter. 
 
As you may already know, my young daughter is having some serious health problems. Although she’s seen a number of different health care providers and endured many tests to address the problem, she unfortunately needs surgery. 
She requires a serious neuro-based type of surgery and therefore I will need to be at her side and care for her for a number of weeks while she recovers. I am sorry to say that I need the full CARDINAL weeks that are allowed under the FMLA policy. 
Her doctor has already filled out the request from that I obtained from the human resources department. Because I respect the company I work for and am trying to be as fair as possible, 
I am giving you a full month’s notice so you’ll have enough time to make adequate arrangements to cover my position while I’m away. My daughter’s surgery is scheduled for DATE. I intend to work up until DATE to ensure that my job is covered. 
I am more than willing to train someone to do my job or wrap up any business matters if you like. I expect to return on DATE. As of right now, these are the anticipated dates for her surgery and my time of leave. 
If anything changes I will let you know immediately. Hopefully I can return before DATE if all goes better than expected and retain my current position in the company. 
I truly appreciate your consideration and understanding concerning this sensitive matter. I respect both you and the company and feel it’s been an honor to work here over DATE. Again, thank you for understanding. If you have any questions or concerns, I intend to be here every day until DATE to talk with you.
 
This letter is to formally request leave of absence for medical reasons. I will be having a hysterectomy on DATE and will not be able to work for CARDINAL days. I plan to return to work on DATE if the recovery goes well.
I have included a letter from my surgeon that states the need for surgery and the date of the surgery. If any other medical records are required, I will be happy to supply them.
PERSON in my department will take responsibility for my clients, and I will be available by phone to give any assistance I can be reach at janet@email.com or at CARDINAL. 
I greatly appreciate your kind consideration in granting me this leave.

I'm writing this to let you know that I need to take sick leave because of severe migraines. Per my physician's orders, I will need to remain off work until DATE.
I am including a letter from my doctor confirming his order that I take this time to rest and recover my health. I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience my absence will cause.
I anticipate being about to periodically check my email and do some work from home, particularly on the new building project in GPE. When I am back in the office on DATE, I will do all I can to catch up on anything that I may have fallen behind on.
Please let me know if I need to complete any additional forms related to my sick leave or if you need additional verification from my doctor. If I anticipate needing any additional time, I will let you know as soon as possible. Please let me know if you have any questions or need clarification about anything related to my leave or work. 

I am writing this letter to inform you that I need to take sick leave from work. I will need to remain off work until DATE.
I've included a letter from my doctor to confirm that I need to take that amount of time off to fully recover. I apologize for any inconvenience that my absence from work may cause. I do intend to periodically check my email and work on some projects. When I return to work on DATE, I will do my best to catch up on all work I missed while I was on leave.
If any urgent matters arise while I'm on sick leave, please contact me via email or cell phone at CARDINAL. Please let me know if you need any additional information from my physician. Should I need additional time off, I will inform you as quickly as possible. Please let me know if you have any questions or need clarification on anything related to my workload or sick leave request.

I will be very grateful if you grant me a CARDINAL day leave, that is to say, from DATE to DATE.


I, PERSON, am writing this letter to inform you about my health and request a CARDINAL day sick leave from DATE to DATE.
I am suffering from a severe throat infection since yesterday. I am having a severe pain in my throat and am unable to talk. The doctor has provided me with the medication for a week. Luckily, the infection is not contagious which is why I will be able to return to work after I feel a little better. In case my situation does not get better, I will inform you beforehand.
There were meetings with only two clients in these two days and I have asked my assistant, PERSON, to either reschedule them or attend the clients himself. I am confident in his ability to handle all tasks in my absence. He will be in contact with me by email.
If you need any further documents from the doctor, feel free to contact me through email. I will highly appreciate if you grant me this sick leave.

This is my application for sick leave. As I have been suffering from health issues, the doctor has advised me to accept treatment which will take some time to finish. Due to ‘details of illness’, I will not be able to perform my job well and so I request you grant me some time off work.
According to the doctor, it will take me at least CARDINAL days to recover and be able to attend work again. I have also attached a copy of the certificate provided by the doctor for verification purposes.
I shall be obliged for your approval.

I want to compel to your sincere note that I have recently gone for a blood examination because of routine fever. The reports state that I have jaundice. My doctor has advised me to take complete bed rest for CARDINAL weeks. Consequently, I am writing this letter to communicate respecting my infirm wellness formally and would supplicate you to allow me to leave for CARDINAL weeks kindly. I am also enclosing my medical reports for your reference.
I have handed over my responsibilities to PERSON, who will be working and handling my projects also when I am not there so that there should not be any deferment in the completion of any of the assignments. Since now everything is clear from my side, I request you to please sanction my leave request, w.e.f from DATE. I would be recapitulating my responsibilities when I return.


I would like to bring to your kind attention that my medical reports have detected (specify ailment). I have been advised by my doctor to be on bed rest for DATE. Please find my medical reports enclosed for your reference.
I am writing this letter to officially inform about my illness and request leave for DATE. I have handed over my work to PERSON, who will be keeping the files updated in my absence. I would kindly request you to grant me leave w.e.f DATE. I would be reporting back on DATE.


My name is PERSON a freshman student at ORG. I write this letter to request for CARDINAL days sick leave. I have contracted chickenpox and I am unable to attend classes. 
The doctor has advised me to stay at home to avoid spreading the disease to the other students. Kindly find a note from the doctor attached with more details. 
I wish to start my leave on DATE and hopefully resume classes on  DATE. I will take this time to recover and go for clinics at the hospital. 
I have discussed this issue with the class teacher and she has agreed to inform the other teachers to send me notes and assignments through my email. All completed assignments will also be sent to the respective teachers through email.
Please also find the sick leave application form attached herewith. Kindly sign and send me a copy to use when I resume classes. When I return I will do the needful to ensure that I catch up. I hope that you will allow me this leave so that I can work on recovering and resuming school soon.

I wish to notify you that I am down with an ailment and I have been unable to come to work since DATE. I hereby write to request for CARDINAL days sick leave to recover and rest. I wish to start my leave from DATE and hopefully resume work on DATE. Kindly find the attached doctor’s letter for your reference.
I have requested PERSON to assume my duties and to contact me in case of any inquiries or clarification. I will ensure that I check and respond to work emails periodically while I am away. I sincerely apologize for not informing you beforehand because it was an emergency. When I resume work, I will ensure that I catch up with what I have missed.
Additionally, I also attached a sick leave application for your consideration. I hope that you will grant me this leave so that I can take time to fully recover and resume my duties. Kindly approve my sick leave for the aforementioned dates.


“With due to respect, I would like to express that I had lung cancer before CARDINAL years. I was advised by my doctor to visit him until the treatment gets over. Since the treatment date is followed up I want to visit the doctor after CARDINAL weeks. So I have returned to my native earlier to collect my previous reports and histories and the related medicines.
Hence I request you to kindly retire me for a period of CARDINAL weeks. I shall be highly obliged. 

“I have written this letter to request you for the approval of my intermittent medical leave as a result of (diagnosed disorder). Since this requires extended leave due to my absence. As my physician has provided a medical certificate, I have enclosed it.
Kindly let me know the further steps to forward this leave request. Your assistance will be greatly appreciated.”
Sincerely,

With due to respect, I have written this letter to inform you that I may not able to come to office today as I had been unwell due to severe stomach ache and nausea for the past CARDINAL days and I managed to visit my personal doctor the previous day who diagnosed me with low blood pressure and with acute gastritis.
I have been prescribed by the doctor to take medication which will last at least for CARDINAL days. While I am feeling better, I think it will be in a couple of days, but I will not be productive the present day. I hope that I will be alright to make it to work tomorrow but will keep you posted.
PERSON has offered to take up my work and to handle my clients for the day. If you want to transfer any of my projects to other employees please don’t hesitate. I have left my office email active; I hope this will help me to reply to my clients as much as possible from home.
In case I am unable to report to the office tomorrow then I will let you know as early as possible so that you can make some temporary arrangements to handle the workload.


“I am writing this letter to inform you that PERSON, my relative has met with an accident so I am on leave for a couple of days.
Kindly approve my leave.”

“I am writing this letter as a formal request with the utmost respect. As I am suffering from a particular disease and so I would like to be under the surveillance of doctor. Furthermore, extra duties will be accomplished by me after returning.
Kindly consider this letter with my past reputation and please grant me leave from DATE to DATE.”

“I am writing this letter to bring to your acknowledgement that I want to utilize my pregnancy leave as my baby’s due is on DATE. It is advised that I should be under the supervision of a doctor as early as possible. I would also like to add one more point to it telling that my annual leave is also full so I will cover my pregnancy leave under this allowance.
Thus, I will notify my rejoining date and I request you to accept and approve my leave.”
Sincerely,

“With utmost respect, I am writing a formal sick leave request email to the manager of absence as I have a serious health issue that bothers my day to day activities. Because of this, I am unable to come to the office as I have to undergo regular checkup and medication.
I hope that you will sanction my leave for the day.”

The Higher Education Commission, GPE has recently offered a free six-month study program at ORG for the candidates fulfilling the criteria. For government and private servants, it is a prerequisite to get approval from the relevant authority. 
Sir/Ma’am, I fulfill the criteria of this study program. I believe it is a once in a lifetime opportunity for me to fulfill my dream of studying abroad.
I am committed to continuing my services to the department after receiving higher education in GPE. I shall be indebted to you for approving my leave application for the study program.


I write to inform you that I will be traveling with my family for a period of one month, between DATE and DATE. Due to the fact that my entire quota of annual leave sanctioned by the company is pending, I request you to adjust my leaves accordingly.
Following my earlier discussion with my team lead, I have requested my colleague, PERSON to take over my project while I am on leave. I have already handed over all material regarding the project to him/ her, and expect there to be no exigencies in my absence.
Due to the nature of my travel plans, I may not be available to take phone calls. I request you to address any urgent work-related matters to my email address.
I will be grateful for a positive reply to my leave request.

Please accept this written notification of my absence on DATE. I was unable to attend work due to sickness.
If you need additional information, please let me know.

I am writing this letter to inform you that I need to take sick leave from work. I will need to remain off work until DATE.
I've included a letter from my doctor to confirm that I need to take that amount of time off to fully recover. I apologize for any inconvenience that my absence from work may cause. I do intend to periodically check my email and work on some projects. [Include any specific details related to work you will or will not be able to complete.] When I return to work DATE, I will do my best to catch up on all work I missed while I was on leave.
If any urgent matters arise while I'm on sick leave, please contact me via email or cell phone at CARDINAL. Please let me know if you need any additional information from my physician. Should I need additional time off, I will inform you as quickly as possible. Please let me know if you have any questions or need clarification on anything related to my workload or sick leave request.

Additionally, I also attached a sick leave application for your consideration. I hope that you will grant me this leave so that I can take time to fully recover and resume my duties. Kindly approve my sick leave for the aforementioned dates.

“With due to respect, I would like to express that I had lung cancer before CARDINAL years. I was advised by my doctor to visit him until the treatment gets over. Since the treatment date is followed up I want to visit the doctor after CARDINAL weeks. So I have returned to my native earlier to collect my previous reports and histories and the related medicines.
Hence I request you to kindly retire me for a period of CARDINAL weeks. I shall be highly obliged. 

“I have written this letter to request you for the approval of my intermittent medical leave as a result of (diagnosed disorder). Since this requires extended leave due to my absence. As my physician has provided a medical certificate, I have enclosed it.
Kindly let me know the further steps to forward this leave request. Your assistance will be greatly appreciated.”

“I am writing this letter to bring to your acknowledgement that I want to utilize my pregnancy leave as my baby’s due is on DATE. It is advised that I should be under the supervision of a doctor as early as possible. I would also like to add one more point to it telling that my annual leave is also full so I will cover my pregnancy leave under this allowance.
Thus, I will notify my rejoining date and I request you to accept and approve my leave.”

I write to inform you that I will be traveling with my family for a period of one month, between DATE and DATE. Due to the fact that my entire quota of annual leave sanctioned by the company is pending, I request you to adjust my leaves accordingly.
Following my earlier discussion with my team lead, I have requested my colleague, PERSON to take over my project while I am on leave. I have already handed over all material regarding the project to him/ her, and expect there to be no exigencies in my absence.
Due to the nature of my travel plans, I may not be available to take phone calls. I request you to address any urgent work-related matters to my email address.
I will be grateful for a positive reply to my leave request.


I am writing to request a one-month medical leave of absence beginning DATE, and ending DATE. I will be having surgery—my surgeon has ordered a minimum CARDINAL week recovery period (see doctor’s signed recommendation attached.)
I am happy to assist in handling any necessary preparations before beginning my leave, including training colleagues on upcoming projects. 

I am submitting this request for a leave of absence to tend to important personal matters beginning next month. If possible, I would like to take my leave beginning DATE and return to the office on DATE.
I can make myself available intermittently to answer questions via phone or email, and am happy to do whatever necessary to ensure a smooth transition before my leave begins.

I am writing to inform you of my resignation from ORG, effective CARDINAL weeks from today, DATE.

I would like to inform you of my intention to resign from ORG, effective CARDINAL weeks from today, DATE.
I appreciate the opportunities you have given me during my tenure at ORG.
Please let me know what assistance you’ll require from me during the transfer period.

I am writing to inform you that I will be formally retiring effective DATE.
I have given considerable thought to this significant decision over the past year, but I feel this is the right time to retire. I am proud to have achieved so much with such fine and respectable peers these past CARDINAL years.
I sincerely appreciate ORG’s support during my long tenure. Because of our shared accomplishments, I will always consider myself as part of the company. I wish all of my colleagues the best and am certain that ORG will continue to grow and be successful.
Please let me know when you would like to meet to further discuss my resignation. I’d be happy to provide any additional assistant to enable a smooth transition.

Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from ORG effective immediately.
I sincerely apologize for the abrupt timing of this announcement, however, due to unforeseen circumstances, I have decided to resign.

Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from ORG effective DATE.
This announcement comes with a heavy heart, as I have sincerely enjoyed my time at ORG. With your guidance and mentorship, this position has been one of the most rewarding work experiences in my life. I will greatly miss my teammates and friends made in other departments. All this was possible due to the unique culture at ORG.
I am deeply appreciative of the numerous opportunities to build skills in numerous areas. I feel better prepared to face my next position’s challenges. I look forward to reconnecting in the future.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.

I am writing to inform you of my resignation from ORG, effective DATE. I have decided to return to school to pursue an advanced degree.
While it has been a difficult decision for me to leave ORG, I feel that an advanced degree will allow me to deepen my understanding of the field and help my career prospects. I can’t thank you enough for providing tremendous support over these past few years. Because of your mentorship, I have discovered a passion that I will carry far into the future.
I’m especially thankful for the opportunity to build a professional network within our industry. Likewise, I sincerely hope that you and I can work together in the future.
Please let me know how I may be of assistance in training my replacement. I am here to help make the transition as smooth as possible for you and the team.
 
I am writing to inform you of my resignation from ORG effective DATE.
I have decided to accept the promotion offered to me by ORG. I am thankful for all the support and opportunities to pursue interesting projects in numerous areas, which have prepared well for my next challenge. I sincerely hope we can collaborate together on future projects.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.

Please accept this letter as formal notification that I am resigning from my position as Account Executive with ORG. My last day will be DATE.

I would like to notify you that I am resigning from my position as Assistant Manager for ORG effective DATE. 

I am writing to inform you of my resignation from ORG effective DATE.
I have decided to accept the promotion offered to me by ORG. I am thankful for all the support and opportunities to pursue interesting projects in numerous areas, which have prepared well for my next challenge. I sincerely hope we can collaborate together on future projects.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance during the transition period. I wish you and the company the very best going forward.

Please accept this letter as formal notice of my resignation as Seventh Grade World Studies Teacher at ORG, effective DATE.
After a period of consideration, I have decided to return to school to earn my Master’s in Education. I truly enjoyed my tenure at ORG. Teaching my subject matter every day has been an absolute joy. Likewise, it has been incredibly rewarding to watch students learn and develop so quickly.
Under your leadership, I have no doubt ORG’s fantastic reputation will continue years into the future. 

Through the contents of this email, I am informing you of my resignation. My last day of work will be DATE. I greatly apologize I can’t inform you in person, but it is due to circumstances beyond my control.
Please find my formal letter of resignation attached to this email.
Let me know how I can be of further help.

Through this letter, I hereby announce my resignation from ORG, effective DATE due to [Short reasoning for why you’re leaving the board]
It has been a pleasure working with you and the entire ORG board for DATE. I am proud of all we have accomplished, and I am certain more successes will follow in the future.
Please let me know if I can be of assistance during the transitory period.
Sincerely,

I appreciate the opportunities for professional development that you have provided me over the past two years. I have enjoyed my tenure at ORG, and in particular feel honored to have been apart of such a supportive team.
If I can be of any help during this transition, please let me know. I am available to help train my replacement, and will ensure all my reports are updated before my last day of work.

Please accept this formal notification of my resignation from my position as [position title]. My last day will be DATE.
Thank you for the many opportunities I’ve enjoyed during my time with ORG. I’ve learned new skills that will be valuable to me throughout my career.
During DATE, I’ll wrap up any outstanding duties and issues, and am happy to ensure a smooth transition for whomever may take my place. Please let me know if I can aid in any other final tasks.

Please accept this letter as notice of my resignation from the position of Senior Developer at ORG.
As per the terms of my employment contract, I will continue to work for the company for the next DATE, completing my employment on DATE.
I have enjoyed being a part of the team and am thankful for the opportunities you have given me during my time here. If there are any areas in particular you would like me to focus on during my notice period, please let me know.
I hope that I can rely on you for a positive reference in future.

I, PERSON, present to you this letter of resignation from my current position of children’s counselor at ORG, effective DATE.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the years of enjoyable and fulfilling employment. I have learned a lot during my time here and will be leaving with many great experiences and fond memories.
I would be happy to help find a replacement and train them, as I know this is somewhat short notice and out of the blue. I hope you realize my quitting is in no way a reflection of your ability to manage, but I must move on for personal reasons.

I must regretfully inform you of my resignation from ORG. My last day will be DATE.
Working at ORG has been one of my favorite jobs I’ve had and I couldn’t have asked for a better group of people to work alongside. 

Please accept my formal resignation as front desk agent at ORG. I would prefer to leave at the end of the week but I can be available till DATE, if necessary.
I want to thank you for the opportunities you and the hotel have given me. It’s been a very positive working environment and I have made good friends during my time here.
I am more than happy to train a new front desk agent while I carry out the remainder of my employment.

I am writing to you today to officially tender my resignation from ORG effective DATE.
I never thought I would ever leave such a great company as ORG, but when the opportunity arose to own and operate my own vineyard in GPE, which as you know has always been a lifelong dream for me, I simply had to take advantage of it.
I cannot say enough wonderful things about ORG, about all the people I've encountered in my years of service with the company, and especially about you and all the others on the sales team. Your leadership has taken us all to new levels, and I have appreciated all your personal and professional advice over the years. It's my hope that we will stay in touch as I begin this new chapter in my life.
If you have any questions, please ask. 

Please accept this letter as formal notification that I am leaving my position with ORG on DATE.

I am writing to let you know that I will be leaving my current position at ORG on DATE. Unfortunately, we got a diagnosis in the family that will require more constant care and I won’t be able to meet those needs and the expectations of my full time role here.
This is not an easy decision, I absolutely love working at ORG. You have been an amazing mentor, leader, and friend. I’m deeply grateful for the time I’ve gotten to spend here.

I am writing to notify you of my resignation from ORG. My last day will be DATE. I know that this notice is short and I deeply apologize for that. Circumstances beyond my control have made it necessary for me to depart by DATE but I tried to extend things as much as possible.
I have enjoyed my experience as the Adjunct Professor at ORG and I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience of my sudden departure. The urgency of my resignation does not in any way reflect on the experience I’ve had in my position, which has been positive and fulfilling.
Please let me know what I can do between now and DATE to make this transition as easy as possible. I have freed up my schedule to make sure I’m available to help in any way.
After I leave I can be contacted at CARDINAL or if you have any questions or need help.


With due respect, it is stated that last week I had an accident and I was admitted to the hospital and because of this I was not able to attend the exam and I missed it. I was not even able to move from the bed, I have informed the teacher as well about my condition.
I request you to allow me to retake my exam as it is very important for my results. I hope you will understand my condition and will allow me to take the exam again. I shall be really grateful. 

With due respect, I would like to inform you about the health condition of my grandmother. She is suffering from cancer and is under treatment of it. As my both parents work so it is not possible for them to be at the hospital all the time and for this, I have to stay there on and off.
Unfortunately, I have missed my Physics exam because I was needed at the hospital on an emergency basis. As it was ORDINAL terminal exams, I believe it can be compensated by a retake or average passing marks. I shall be really thankful if you give me a chance considering my problem. Please find attached medical report of my grandmother. 
 please helpmy barcode is CARDINAL,my exam centre is GPE, my exam date is DATE.

With due respect I want to put my humble request to you for allowing me for a re-examination. I know it is a tough decision to take from your end . But sir it is not as tough as my health problem from which I have come out somehow. I have been suffering from a critical illness.

Respected sir, With due respect, it is stated that last week I had an accident and I was admitted to the hospital and because of this I was not able to attend the exam and I missed it.


Dear sir, I am PERSON from ORG was not performed well in my regular examinations .so I request u to conduct supplementary exams as early as possible. 

With due respect, it is stated that last week I had an accident and I was admitted to the hospital and because of this I was not able to attend the exam and I missed it.

Respectfully it is stated the I have been suffering from fever with cough and cold since last night .So I can not come to school.Kindly grand me leave for two days.I will be highly obliged for your this act of kindness.

I am so sorry that I had to miss the test we had on DATE. Unfortunately, I was ill and I have a note from my doctor.
When would be a convenient time for me to schedule a makeup test with you? I will be as flexible as possible to get this test taken. I am “studied up” and ready to take it at any time.

I am PERSON from your Calculus class. Due to unexpected tragedy in my family and some problems that affects my concentration for the review during the examinations, which triggers I think for me to fail your examination on DATE.

My daughter PERSON born at DATE has appeared in the admission test of
ORG with the Receipt No. CARDINAL, but unable to get succeeded in final list.
She is a brilliant and confident student bearing a very well-mannered attitude.
Here I request you to kindly consider her for re-test for Admission in your school.
We have great respect for the school's reputation, and we think highly of the school's facilities. We trust your school can provide good environment for her study here to equip herself for her future challenges.

With due respect, it is stated that last week I had an accident and I was admitted to the hospital and because of this I was not able to attend the exam and I missed it (show your actual problem and situation). I was not even able to move from the bed, I have informed the teacher as well about my condition.
I request you to allow me to retake my exam as it is very important for my results. I hope you will understand my condition and will allow me to take the exam again. I shall be really grateful. 

To, The principle, ORG. Respected sir, With due respect, it is stated that last week I had an accident and I was admitted to the hospital and because of this I was not able to attend the exam and I missed it.

I have lost my I.D card in the management campus and hence need to file an FIR to make a new one.

I, PERSON, have graduated from ORG in DATE.
I have been selected in SBI and hence I require a character certificate from you.

I lost my I-card in college campus so for the missing certificate, I need to submit a bonafide certificate at the police station.

I require a bonafide certificate for non creamy layer hence I kindly request you to give the same at the earliest.

I, PERSON, student of ORG, Roll number CARDINAL am writing this application for issuance of a bonafide certificate for my internship in summer of DATE.
Please do the needful.

I, PERSON, am applying for a summer fellowship programme in ORG, for which I require a bonafide certificate.
I request you to provide the same.

Requirement of a letter stating that I, PERSON, CARDINAL, is studying in ORG.

I kindly request a bonafide certificate stating that I am a ORDINAL semester student of ORG and will be giving my final exams in DATE.

I want to apply for a bonafide certificate in regards to filing for a NOC at the GPE Police Station as my ID card is lost.
Kindly consider my application.

I am PERSON.
I request you to issue me a bonafide certificate for a railway complementary pass.

I, the undersigned, need a bonafide certificate to submit to ORG as I am a final year student.

I would like to request you to issue a bonafide certificate to me.
I would be travelling to GPE in DATE and this certificate is required for complying to/ fulfilling the GPE Visa procedure.

This application is for Visa purpose stating the I study in ORG and took admission in DATE in mechanical engg.
It is a four year program.

Please issue a bonafide certificate stating that my studies will get over in DATE as I need it for my higher studies application.

Please issue a bonafide certificate stating that my studies will get over in DATE as I need it for my applications of higher studies.

I wish to apply for my masters and thus, will require you to provide it to me.

I would like to request you to kindly grant me with a bonafide certificate as I require it for my ORG Application.

I am participating in Fury, sports event of ORG on DATE. 
For entry, it is necessary to give a bonafide certificate. 
Hence I kindly request you to oblige with a signed and stamped Bonafide certificate from the Principal.

I need a bonafide certificate from the college to be shown at the GPE Police Station for the FIR to be filed for a new ID card.

I require a bonafide certificate stating that I am a student of this college in the ORDINAL year studing in Computer.
This particular document is required for passport verification.

I would like to apply for a bonafide certificate of this college stating that I am a student studying under this institution.
This certificate is supposed to be submitted at ORG sports festival Fury to be held on DATE and DATE whereby I will be allowed to participate for the lawn tennis event.

I, undersigned, PERSON of semester ORDINAL, ORG need to apply for GPE visa so I request you to provide me with a bonafide certificate mentioning that I am a student of this institution for CARDINAL years which would be helpful for Visa purpose.
I would be grateful to you for this.
Thank you for your consideration.

Please issue a bonafide certificate for filing an FIR for the misplacement of the college ID.

Can you please issue me a medium of instruction letter stating that my course was in English.

I need a bonafide certificate so I can apply for a Visa as I wish to travel to GPE in DATE.

I request you to provide me a bonafide certificate.
It will be required for my passport document verification.

I, PERSON, completed my degree of mechanical engg in DATE.
I am writing this for application for bonafide for launching FIR for last semester marksheet.

I would like to request a bonafide certificate for Residency Renewal purposes of GPE.

I, PERSON, student of ORG FY Roll number CARDINAL.
I am applying for scholarship under the scheme name as Indira Gandhi Single Daughter Scholarship for which a bonafide certificate is required.
You are therefore kindly requested to please issue a bonafide certificate.

Request for a bonafide certificate for international masters application.

I, PERSON, alumni of ORG needs to submit a bonafide certificate to the GPE Service Selection Board as it is one of the required documents which needs to be submitted before validating my educational documents.
So, I kindly request you to issue me a bonafide certificate.

I need a college bonafide certificate.
It is urgent.
I need it for passport police verification in my home town GPE.

I, PERSON, studying in ORG need a certificate stating CGPI to percentage coversion formula and my calculated percentage using the same till ORDINAL semester for ORG interview scheduled on DATE. As I was unaware of the need of any such document, I sincerely apologize for my actions and request you to kindly provide me with the same very urgently.

I, PERSON, am in ORG. I had failed in SPCC in ORDINAL semester, the retest of which I had taken in DATE. The results of that exam is out and in this letter I request for the marksheet. I require this marksheet for issuing my transcript which is required for my MS application. I request you to issue my marksheet at the earliest.

Requirement of letter stating the status of autonomy of college in the year DATE and declaring issuance of final year marksheets from the college for the batch DATE - DATE. This letter is for the purpose of submission to ORG.

I am planning to do an internship this coming summer vacation from DATE to DATE at ORG for which I require the report card of ORDINAL semester. So, I request you to please grant me the grade card.

I need backlog summary certificate for my masters study program.

I, PERSON, roll number CARDINAL, from ORG had graduated in DATE. I request you to kindly provide my degree certificate. As I am currently residing in GPE, I have authorized PERSON to collect it on my behalf. I have attached the authorization letter.

I, PERSON, roll number CARDINAL passed out in DATE, branch ORG. I request you to provide me duplicate ORDINAL semester marksheet as I have lost my original marksheet.

I am PERSON, student of ORG. I lost my ORDINAL semester marksheet. I request you to please help me to get my new marksheet. Kindly do the needful.

Kindly provide me a certificate showing I have CARDINAL backlogs through out the ORDINAL semester.

There is a change in my ORDINAL semester marksheet. I had completed my audit course in German instead of Basics of Accounting.

I am PERSON, from ORG, semester ORDINAL. I am writing this letter to request for my result of ORDINAL semester for scholarship purpose. 

I, PERSON studying in ORG, roll number CARDINAL wishes to correct the audit course mentioned in ORDINAL semester marksheet from Japanese language to Introduction to Sales and Distribution Management. Kindly do the needful at the earliest. Thanking you.

I had applied for backlog certificate last month. Due to certain situation, I will not be able to collect it. Hence, I request you to handover to PERSON who will collect it on behalf of me. I request you to co-operate. Thanking you in advance.

I need backlog certificate as I am applying for masters at ORG. As per their demand, I need to submit the backlog certificate for my application. I hope you will help me with this. Thanking you in advance.

I request you to provide a backlog certificate as it is required for the application for masters. I have attacked all the marksheets from semester ORDINAL to semester ORDINAL along with this form.

I, PERSON, would like to get the semester ORDINAL marksheet earlier since I have to apply for masters in ORG. I kindly request you to process my application at the earliest as the application deadlines are about to close in a few days.

For applying for higher studies in some universities, marksheets along with transcripts of CARDINAL semesters are required. So, please provide the same as early as possible.

My marksheet of ORDINAL semester has duplicate course codes which is an error needed to be corrected. I am attaching a copy of marksheet highlighting the errors.

I, PERSON, from ORG would like to put in this formal request for the marksheet for ORDINAL semester. I am to provide the marksheet for application purposes as soon as possible. I humbly request you to release my marksheet urgently.

I, PERSON, student of ORG, is requesting for ORDINAL semester marksheet and provisional passing certificate as I need it for submitting it to my work place.

Kindly provide percentage equivalent of last year only. I have been selected for a reputed job and the only document required is pending. Aggregate of semester ORDINAL and semester ORDINAL is required. Kindly allow my father to collect the document if in case I am unable to collect it.

I am PERSON, a student of ORG.  I have completed my semester ORDINAL audit course but by mistake it got printed on semester ORDINAL marksheet. I am attaching a xerox copy of semester ORDINAL and semester ORDINAL marksheet with this application. So, kindly look after it. Thanking you.

I am PERSON, a student of ORG. In my ORDINAL semester marksheet, the course code of Engineering Mechanics is misprinted as CARDINAL instead of CARDINAL. I am writing this application to change the code of Engineering Mechanics to CARDINAL.

I need duplicate marksheets for the semesters ORDINAL, ORDINAL and ORDINAL.

For the application of higher studies, I require a certificate for a backlog stating that because of ATKT, the results of semester ORDINAL and semester ORDINAL are in the same month and I cleared the examination in one attempt.

PERSON was a bonafide student of ORG. He has completed his degree in DATE. Kindly issue him the degree certificate. His mark sheets of semester ORDINAL to semester ORDINAL are attached herewith. He has passed semester ORDINAL in DATE and semester ORDINAL in DATE.

I am submitting marksheets of semester ORDINAL to semester ORDINAL for verification of degree certificate. 

It is a sincere retest to the concerned department to generate a backlog count certificate whcih is required for higher studies. I am attaching marksheet from semester ORDINAL to semester ORDINAL.

I need a bonafide letter to state that PERSON is a regular full time student at ORG studying Mechanical Engineering doing CARDINAL-year B.Tech Programme for higher studies.

Please note that I PERSON of roll number CARDINAL from the branch Mechanical Engineering is unable to collect the degree certificate from the college since I am presently in GPE. My father PERSON is currently in GPE and will collect mon my behalf. Moreover, PERSON, I request you to issue a bonafide letter stating that I was a regular full time student at ORG studying mechanical engineering doing a CARDINAL-year B.Tech PRogramme. This is needed for my GPE visa approval and therefore your help will be much appreciated. If you need any further information, please let me know.

I am PERSON, studying in ORG. Please issue me a bonafide certificate.

I need my bonafide certificate for passport verification. Consider this application as urgent. Kindly do the needful. Thank you.

I, PERSON, am a final year undergraduate student of Electronics Engineering. My roll number is CARDINAL. I need bonafide certificate by the institute for applying in ORG. Kindly accept my request and issue me a bonafide certificate.

I request you to issue me a bonafide certificate for ORG interview. I assure it will not be used for illegal purpose. Thanking you.

I request for enrollment statement proving that I am admitted in the year DATE-DATE for foreign universities application purposes.

I have lost my college identity card. I am writing this application to request a bonafide certificate for filing an FIR.

This is to request for a bonafide certificate for GPE Visa Application.

I, undersigned PERSON, roll number CARDINAL require bonafide certificate for purpose of payment of fees from ORG.

To make certificates as per the format prescribed by the callup letter instructions for ORG. 
1. Certificate for studying in final year (Appendix CARDINAL)
2. CGPA related undertaking certificate (Appendix CARDINAL)

I, PERSON a student of ORG want a bonafide certificate.

I, PERSON, am a student of ORG. I have recently applied for passport and have an appointment on DATE. For that I will be needing a bonafide certificate. I thereby request you to provide me with the same.

Respected Sir, I request you to issue me a bonafide certificate, stating that I am a CARDINAL year student studying in this college for the academic year DATE. I wish to apply for further studies in ORG and the registration process mandates a display of the bonafide certificate.

I need a bonafide certificate for my Visa approval purpose as a proof for being a student of ORG.

Requesting "Letter of instruction" stating the medium of instruction during the Bachelor study was English.

Sir, I needed a provisional bonafide certificate for applying in masters studies.

Requesting to grant me a bonafide certificate for my passport application on DATE. Thank you.

I want a perceiving letter for academic year so that I can apply for higher studies in other countries.

I am participating in the ORG competition on DATE held at ORG.

This is a letter for bonafide certificate stating that the degree certificate will be provided and the completion of ORDINAL semesters to apply for universities.













